e
[Music]
was
afraid I here scared to
cry I was afraid maybe I should just I'm
scared C
[Music]
by all
we home as fragile
as
every
forness until the days are
without
[Music]
by I was
afraid I st here scared
[Music]
to not
afraid
I scared
[Music]
the
I like that song a lot
but what's next on the playlist I don't
know let's find out oh wait we did this
last time we like I tested to
see what song was next going want to
Gary was anyone there when this EP
released
[Music]
play it out let's play it out a little
bit
[Music]
okay nice nice I remember for that song
I tried out a weird thing where I still
don't know what hocketing was but I
basically wrote a chord progression and
then had it play through like 10
different patches I've made and then I
exported all the patches playing that
quid progression and just like cut them
up into little bit bits bits and
pieces I wonder if I could find
that hello
everyone hello everyone I want to try
and open the project actually just for
fun oh my God that opened really
quickly on baddy I'll release you
you are
released
um wait I wonder if this project is
completely
fine am I not going to have any problems
with this
project let's
see what was this from I think that was
uh thing silver made
okay we're almost
there okay some plugins are disabled
just City Piano okay that's easily
fixable so relatively uh damn out those
Project's intact
[Music]
so is that literally just a saw wave I
think there is a saw wave with nothing
else on it it's literally just the
most heard a click zero out of 10 it's
literally just a saw wave with no
processing
whatsoever there's literally zero
processing on
[Music]
it how long have you been making music I
making music since like 2006 2007 but
the first things I was doing were like
not were just like [__] around so
so really I started trying to make music
in like
2009 like trying to make proper full
projects in
2009 um the first album I ever wrote
like the first first full length project
I ever wrote was in like
2009 and then the next full length
project I wrote was in 2011 2010 2011
none of those ever got released it's
under an alias called Dark Phoenix
spelled
incorrectly um and I started I got into
electronic music specifically with
Skrillex in 201 111 2012 so that's what
started me down that
path oh I was gurgling spit over my
Nintendo DSi in 2009 too trust
me
um are tips on producing Collex bur up
type stuff uh I I did a the Stream the
other day where I I showed how to do
growl stuff maybe you can do it again
but the main thing you want to focus on
is is just the relationship between
filters and Distortion and compression
and
stuff
um you you always want to experiment
with like when you have tons of
compression and Distortion in a chain
adding effects in between those
distortions and compressions and just
seeing what kind of weird [__] you can
do like because subtle artifacts and
little details come out really intensely
when you have big chains like that so um
and lots of movement without being
overbearing as
well um
but here we are hello welcome to the
stream welcome to uh what is it called
uh gam saw House of
Blues let's see if I know Violet Pony
music oh no I'm not saying kyus again
there we
go tenderness no wait nurture not
nurture no wait am forgetting no
tenderness it's a oh
no oh no wait it's the one it's the it's
[__] God damn
it it's
chamelia I always forget this one to be
honest
is that no matter what 2023 again or
what
okay why is it so quiet is it quiet for
you or is it quiet for me or what I
don't
know I have no idea what's going on here
is that that's not apparation for
it oh [__] everything
glimmer my brain wanted to shut that one
out it's down the
waye
pleaseeeeeee it's like that's a 2018
song please but I don't know what it is
do you not like everything glimmer no I
don't is that
hibernation
okay uh is that oh that's
the wish I could tell you how it's that
wait why don't I know what this is is it
wish I could tell
you
okay that one I fumbled quite a
bit I didn't get much
sleep that one that one's that one's
mirold
right um Stanger close
right yeah
okay oh no why
is okay at least it wasn't something
else from the
song
Wayward y the yak
song see there we go I'm normal
[Music]
sugarbell the working title for sugar
Bell was safe and sound until like the
very until like the very final export so
I still constantly forget the name of
sugar
Bell uh on the
ca nice
how to kill a
monster Ralph egg
well Ralph EG is the easiest
one friendships that are far away nice I
got five out of five for the last two so
it makes up for for getting whatever the
[__] the score was any other one
okay um
let's see
so onless a fav from fairy tales part
two was I was I playing the uh oh I
wasn't it was on the call that I was it
was on the the server call I was talking
about on the sea I wasn't doing it on
stream um on the sea you to be a
completely different
song and I recently discovered oh wait
no we were talking about on
stream weren't
we oh I don't remember honestly it used
to be a different
song I'm not freaking out
right yeah cuz we were talking about
feather and talking yeah okay I showed
this on stream already but
whatever sure enough oh also little
little little secret little secret
little
secret don't tell anybody yet but
uh don't tell anybody yet but it's
coming it's
real it's coming it's real
guys my [__] my my little
baby is going to be all grown up soon as
a
CD guys this album came out almost 9
years
ago this album came out was 9 years ago
I can't do this anymore
dude but uh yeah super pony 126 is
coming up coming up um I ordered 300
copies I'll probably be selling off 270
of them and keeping the rest for just
extras
um I don't know if this one's going to
listen I keep underestimating the sales
but I have no idea if this one's going
to sell very well so
if it sells super well and people want
more of them
then I'll do another run sometime in the
future but for now this is the only this
is could to be the only super poting
world run unless it sells out within
like a few
hours Hazard about it we'll sell it not
everyone knows what this album is
though is the
thing I at the at the same time at the
same time I did I did
underestimate the the IM Creek flow sale
I don't know if everyone knows but like
cuz we did the the limited edition IM
Creek flow CD in the server which I'm
going to do another run of by the way
but um in the super 4y World server we
did a run of this and it it all 100
copies sold in I kid you not less than
seconds was was it sold faster than
Carousel did
which is actually so [__]
funny I got like 100 copies to sell for
I'm Creek Flo and it sold out in 60
seconds all 100 copies it's
like this a [__] [__] post
guys Fireballs did get the first one
Fireballs gets the first one every
single
time anyway um today is another uh disco
elium day today but I have some other
news that I'm just kind of really
excited about um oh some some things
actually couple of
things um the first is I've been trying
to I've talked about this a bunch but
like project files for for my music have
been really
difficult for years and years and years
CU of just like plugin's not working or
whatever and like just everything's
being incompatible and I've been in a
big process to like recover some old
projects this year as I showed with like
little dreams and like fall of the
clouds and stuff right um we had a
breakthrough a couple of days ago maybe
yesterday
um one of the biggest issues I've been
having with my projects is that older
projects use almost exclusively vst2
format plugins which is a an Antiquated
plugin format now it's like not used
anymore
um and I could never get old projects to
open with those plugins and
stuff I've been searching for different
options like Bridge plugins to help
figure [__] out or like maybe even
getting an older computer to just like
run older versions of Ableton
potentially um but we came to a
breakthrough
where uh apparently something I'd
overlooked is the fact that I've been
running Ableton and in Native format on
my
computer and as an experiment I decided
to run it through the Rosetta
translation
layer and lo and
behold a bunch of project files that
have been dead for years are now back to
life because of the Rosetta translation
layer trick if you run Ableton through
Rosetta translation layer vst2 plugins
suddenly start working again
and what's funny is I I've been having
problems with plugins even since before
I switched to the new M1 architecture
like I remember trying to go into the
Mystic Acoustics project files in like
2019 and I still couldn't get them to
work properly now they work properly
that's the crazy thing I I found the I
got the project file for Cadence for the
dying open and everything was there
everything worked through the
translation layer it didn't even it
didn't even work like before 2019
it was broken a long time
ago uh there's still some work I have to
do to fix like some files and like the
all the organization and stuff but long
story
short
um we're we're we're onto something
crazy uh the reason why this is super
important is because I want to do a lot
of remaster and remake projects like I
said in the ARs update video so we're
we're we're on our way to doing that
with a much more efficiency and accuracy
uh and that's like super exciting for
me um the other thing
is I haven't
gotten anything signed
yet I haven't like put anything into
writing
yet but I
think I will
be at babscon this this
here for the final
babscon
uh I don't
know what kind of live performance I'm
going to
do
exactly I'm going to test out some
things I bought some equipment and we're
going to try and try and work that out
and figure out what I need to
do um
I haven't performed live since 2019 so
that's going to be an experience I
think that
said
uh I'm freaking out a little
bit
uh I have like a lot of like sleep
problems
obviously that's why I stream at the
times that I do uh I have a lot of like
sensitivities and like just complex
emotional reactions to things and that's
all those things are things that have
kept me from like traveling or whatever
I just decided like I just going to say
yes and then that's like a that's future
spikes
problem
uh so we're going to do that that and
uh I haven't been to California in 6
years and California is my
home I was literally born near the
convention
center
so I haven't been there in 6 years I
wanted to visit before it's just I don't
know it's going to be an experience I'm
going to try and make it out to some of
my favorite
places in uh San Francisco
area um I'm going to try and run it to
the uh to the seabound coordinates
because it's been a
minute I I I even when I was still
living in California it was
uh I had I hadn't really been to the
coordinates very much in the final days
I was there
so used to go there all the time
yeah that's going to be a that's be a
thing um what we're going to try to do
is
because what I want to do is more live
vocals
because the two other times I played at
the conventions for 2017
2019 uh I wasn't supposed to do vocals I
was supposed to just do DJing and like
both times both times that I performed
the engineers were not ready for me um
both times I just spontaneously decided
to start singing I had it rehearsed I
didn't practice I didn't even plan out
what I was going to do I literally just
like a few moments into my sets I just
like picked up the microphone started
singing and I'm pretty sure the
engineers in the background just like
what the [__] are you doing you didn't
tell us you going be doing this and I
didn't know that was I didn't know I was
going to be doing it either I just felt
like it
um so this
time listen I I didn't have any
processing on my vocals I didn't I
couldn't hear
myself um I get I hadn't practice either
so this time what I want to try and do
is prepare the live performance so that
it could actually sing good this time um
CU let me tell you no matter how good
you are of a singer when you're on stage
if you can't hear yourself you're
dead if you can't hear yourself you're
dead
so the good thing is for the engineers
this time is this is going to sound like
a nightmare and it is but I'm going to
try and do all the engineering on my end
all they have to worry about is just
balancing the
overall output of everything me I'll
work on balancing
everything
inside so that's going to be a task for
for
certain um
I got
a what is it I got
a I'm I'm working on an IM am wireless
system so I can hear
myself I'm performing at babscon I'm
going to try to anyway again I haven't
put anything in writing but we're pretty
much we're pretty set on doing it I
think
um and wow so
nice today we're sponsored by once
again
beautiful you can see my favorite
balloon Champion my favorite
twink let's just put this down and then
open Steam which I always forget to open
the stream is coming to you live from
the Gangam Style House of
Blues the thing is with my current sleep
schedule I basically accepted that when
I do the um all the babscon stuff I'm
going to have like maximum two hours of
sleep at night and you know what that's
future Spike's problem
that's [__] future Spike's problem
dude snarf time melatonin I'm already on
medication for sleeping
I've
gone like up to a week without sleep
before so I'll I'll
live
Kim Kim
kimothy also yeah um here's the thing
just to curve everyone's expectations uh
at the
convention um I'm probably not going to
like be around to talk extensively to
people or
anything um I feel like such an [__]
doing that too cuz I don't want I I
never wanted to feel like oh I'm like
I'm like too good for this or oh I'm
like I'm like too whatever like I'm just
a sensitive
person and I'm not built for social
interaction very much and
uh the thing is I've through a lot of
experience I've had
personally it's really good to as an
artist have a distance between yourself
and your audience
not because you know you're you have to
be better than someone else if that
makes sense but because people are going
to treat you a certain way and you have
a certain responsibility to just do
these things
properly and a lot of like the people
who are going to be there are going to
be like people who are like super chill
with like you know hanging out with with
the audience and like talking to people
and let's chill
um I definitely need a lot of space
um it has nothing to do with everyone
else it's all like 100% just me it's
just a me problem but if you put all my
sensitivities away it's like it's really
good for an artist to have boundaries
with their own
audience um there are a million reasons
you could you could go into what that
what that entails and why that entails
but uh it is a good thing for everybody
not just for the artist but for the
audience too just better for everybody
that said um I will say hi if I'm around
and uh I will sign [__] if people have
[__] for me to sign I need to try and
remember to bring
multicolor um Sharpies
because I keep forgetting cuz I forgot
what the girls for
wizards uh CDs
that black Sharpie doesn't look great on
the dark color background so I need to
get like a silver or whatever Sharpie
um I also plan to print out some
lobsters um we'll continue the tradition
because I used to hand out lobsters to
anyone who said hi to me at the old
conventions so we'll print out some
lobsters nice anyway yeah I'll sign some
[__] um the thing I'm the most excited
for is to go to a convention vendor hall
for the first time in years
cuz that's the [__] that's always the
best
part now that's
said I need to ask why the twink is in
the
wall why are you in the wall deer row
can you can you did you wait did you
make the tyak language can you speak
tyak okay sorry I one more
Interruption I actually found the
notebook hold on
okay I say that and then I now I don't
know where it
is it's around
I have no idea what just fell oh I see
it I can't find it in the next like two
minutes I'm going to like just say I'll
show it next
time I swear I put it with my other
notebooks
there we
go have
that so I did create the Ty
language and this is the original
the original book for it um it's very
rudimentary
but has grammar rules and like stuff we
were coming up
with it was going to try and be a fully
fledged
thing um
it's there it doesn't have a parallel to
any other language so it's not
like each letter can be translated to
something else it's literally its own
thing it can't be it can't be understood
without fully studying the
language
um but stuff like like this
like it's we we we were trying very hard
to make it a fully realized
language
but now that I have access to it again I
might be able to complete it in some
way
but there are more there are more
letters there are more characters in
tyak than there are in the English
language so we've had to use when using
the
font so the theic
translations the way it works is
um we've we've plotted them out onto all
the keys of the
keyboard and it goes onward Beyond like
the letters and it uses like the colon
and semicolon for some of the the
speaking
characters inor and the way it works is
because there's no direct parallel I had
my friend Ricky create a
program to basically I type
in I type in the phonetic pronunciations
of the tyor words and then it translates
to what those phonetic pronunciations
are in the form of the English keyboard
so the font can take that information
and display the correct
characters so we wrote a we wrote a
program for it
and my head's kind of spinning thinking
about all that but
um
yeah so there was there was a reasonable
amount of thought put into it but it's
not a fully realized language it's like
the the skeleton of
run right now but we'll keep working on
it
probably um but the all the Ty
translations you see are full sentences
with their own grammar
and they do amount to Something in some
way um it would be spoken and written on
the planet of tier in the provinces of
the planet
here you figure out how to say Pony I
don't
remember yeah don't remember
but I do have the uh the lyrics
to so like on H
word let's
see h word uh the song h word which is
uh
[Music]
foree
for bra is for
[Music]
translates to bless to us avara and
adiris find us a sanctuary and spirit
Every Creature join in Together Fall
Down in Hope bless to us the sands of
time beget we an era of curiosity
conceals itself the path ahead know not
we the journey lost we were found we
have become to be had a treasure within
of Hope Is This Land is What that
translates to in English or pish in
lore I wonder if I could play it too
oh this is even in St my guitar is even
tuned to standard for me who knew
[Music]
I think we'd put kpr and kpr one and
then the rest is good
[Music]
so I can play it on guitar and I can
sing it now the question is can I do
them both at the same
time that's always the struggle
[Music]
yeah I can't do this at the same time
but maybe if I do this one cuz then it
goes
all the
way and
out of
space and all onest
[Music]
see got and the
Stars a
deal of
grander in a
moment so
still and
S Tre so wash
pill home
we
[Music]
go and still we
don't know the
way oh
World we're going
[Music]
I might be able to sing it better if I
do it
slower cuz I never practice playing an
instrument and singing at the same time
I always do them
separately
all the
way and
outter
space and
all to
see we
got the
[Music]
Stars
till of
grander in a
moment so
still about no wav
sleting tread
so wash
SP home
World we're
going and still we don't
now the
way home
World we're
going that there's something
strange in a place we
know
oh every
falling
apart finding a place oh
[Music]
hard I don't remember this
part I did something weird like hurt my
fingers I remember
[Music]
everything
falling everything falling
apart oh I could just do that that's
like cheating but it works
it's not originally what I played
[Music]
but that's since everything's falling
apart since everything's falling
[Music]
aart finding a place and finding finding
a place
finding a piece in place I keep
forgetting I keep my still
up finding Ace in a place place in your
heart
[Music]
and then you got
the
[Music]
right
right like yeah you got square one after
that
[Music]
yeah this is my the takamina uh dread
knot that I have such a beautiful sound
like it's so
[Music]
full also what a fire chord you hear
that that's nice
[Music]
I got to remember this chord this is
nice
[Music]
is
am I just like actually writing
something without even trying it's like
this is kind of cool t
[Music]
nice
on I I don't I don't always play uh I
usually tuned to drop D so having in
standard was kind of just a magical
moment
it's like oh that's right you could play
this part you can play this
stuff
okay go crazy as D and D evening yeah
someone needs to buy me a
loot this time I'll really do
it so our our twink is still in the
wall you did well
you did
not can't save the whole world you know
can't bring the deed
back I'll call the Station when we
finished with the day and let them know
the name of the
disease they'll
manage that's it we should get back to
our case now that our duty here is
done let's go
I'm telling you uh playing more guitar
is one of the most liberating things as
an artist for some
reason I think it's cuz with piano you
don't get really to with piano which is
my main instrument you don't really get
to feel it very much whereas with a
guitar you're like touching the very
thing that's making the sound right now
now and you can manipulate it to sound
different so it's very interesting now
we need to talk to Cindy I was putting
that
off the thing is I'm still not really
good at guitar or anything
but you don't even have to be good to
like get a lot of like get a lot out of
it I love it
[Music]
by the way that's advice for music you
don't have to be good to enjoy making
music and good is a subjective term of
course good in your own
eyes but you should never wait to be
good at something to do
it that's that's never the way to
live hello again officers have you come
to admire my mural
I don't believe it I've never known
those boys to have manners the amusement
in her voice doesn't fully mask genuine
tenderness they'll never be
skulls but but their hearts are in the
right place
yeah actually with um playing piano
sometimes what I'll do is if I'm playing
piano live in a
song I'll actually also turn my mic on
and
record just the sound of the keys on my
keyboard as well and layer that in very
subtly you'll notice it from time to
time
fat chance but you can still do your
part to revitalize the neighborhood she
throwy a conspiratorial glance then
presses her finger to her lips and
Squints up at the sky sorry I was no
straining to hear something I really do
I really do want to get to this game
because I love it so much but I keep
thinking of things hold
on um
last
last last distraction I promise I think
well I don't promise but last
distraction I think
um in Tails some Equestria here
something I absolutely love about t
requester is it's like one of my
favorite like um experiments in
texture musically is I tried really hard
to experiment with like the context of
different sounds and stuff in TS
Equestria but one of the coolest ideas I
think I had was this piano
here now throughout a lot of this album
it actually has a real grand piano in it
like in a
rush that's a real piano that I played
in my living
room right but in little
hugs I was using a digital piano instead
and my thought was I want this to sound
more real I don't want it to not
necessarily sound digital but I wanted
to sound more like it's with you like
you're you're with it
and I had the craziest [__] idea
ever it's like what if instead of
recording the
midi and trying to add effects to it
what if Instead This digital piano I
just put my [__] microphone up to the
speaker and
recorded whatever came out of the
speaker so that's what this ISS in in
little hugs the piano is not actually
midi it's um me playing the piano into
my my computer my computer transmitting
the audio through the speakers recording
the speakers with the microphone the
microphone going back into the
computer and it I love how it
sounds it's so like muffled it's it
sounds you know you know how I described
this this song with the piano I've
described the piano sounds like if you
were to some how play a piano under a
blanket it would sound like this and I
just I just love
[Music]
it I think a lot of what tells from
Equestria is I'm working I was still
working with so many digital sounds and
like all the collaboration stuff like
Nami and Galaxy squid we in different
places or in different Studios or in
different Like Houses I was like how do
I get everything to sound like it's in
the same [__] room which is like a a
text textural experiment I did with this
song that I think went over really
well so um I need to do another tal
reestri uh on unfortunately for everyone
else one of these days I'm going to have
to do instrumental Loi hip hop
again there's going to be a subsect to
people who be like you're going to get
like get really mad about that like no
not this [__] and I get it but
also but also fun remember that I mean I
did it in
uh I did it in this
[Music]
I'm going to find a way to make music
snobs enjoy lowii hip-hop music you know
what I
mean I've Reed a bunch of people in with
Monarch people who who are like
definitely music snobs I'm like okay how
do I ctly get them to enjoy something
like this
now pull up the raining tacos
[Music]
Part close your eyes
so yeah nice okay let's let's talk to
our [__] twink Patrol now for real
have you noticed the
quiet every so often you might hear a
gunshot Pierce of air somewhere in
genre but in
martines no
gunshots no
Sirens the people are languishing in
boredom and
complacency this place is the
Seer we'll paint it red we bring the
rockus you bring the
sirens and what do you know about
politics
the girl erupts in a cackle that seems
like it should belong to a much older
woman oh that's very nice little piggy
wants to make sausages out of what his
little piggy
friends it was not a concern of
mine oh [__]
him he
[__] he he knows they're in
love he [__] knows they're in love
guys it was not a concern to M you
[__] I can't say that word on stream
sure I know someone who'd love to talk
the ideological stuff you're looking for
Stan a right communist who runs a mega
cool cool and very secret
meeting he might no the lieutenant let
slip a sigh that seems to suggest this
turn was utterly
predictable a wicked grin extends across
her face oink for me piggy just once wow
that was easier than I expected
it's almost like you've been wanting to
do it this whole
time Cindy leave me
alone also I think we pointed this out
last time we talked to her
but this Banner is the the background
is nonbinary flag colors so it's crazy a
cool damp feeling ripples through you
you realize you needn't have rolled over
quite so easily
that was the worst news of My Life The
Lieutenant needless to say is not
interest sounds like you're really
serious about meeting Stan it's touching
sort of Stan's group meets only at night
in an old room in these apartments here
it just so happens you're in luck their
weekly meeting is tonight poke your
snout around sometime after 10 p.m. and
you might just find
them just that he's a real
communist not like the play acting
you've been doing the rest you'll have
to see for yourself oh smart Pig because
there is see Saban's a bit on the
paranoid side he's got all these Mega
secret pass phras is to keep our
infiltrators and the like you can't join
the meeting without
one not to interfere in your personal
errand but I wonder whether it might
have something to do with that phrase
Manana mentioned over
hearing you should feel embarrassed
you're right the lieutenant nods guess
this is what happened when two pigs put
their heads together that's enough off
with you then
ooh not only have you found my address
you've discovered my biggest secret I'm
a coal
miner as a skull I yearned over the
mines she does have eyes that seem to be
smeared with
C yes I keep hoping a shaft will
collapse on me but somehow it never
happen
does anyone in a city like
this if there's pain about any
particular home she's lost she's buried
deep fortified herself against it it
doesn't have to do anything at all
nothing does like me right now I'm doing
nothing at all the inspiration will come
to her once hell is set loose on the
streets it's too calm right now shoot
piggy it's what you do isn't
it I think she's one of the best
characters in the
game wait what was that
again have I been
here I clicked on this store once
[Music]
yeah wasn't that I was confusing
her yearning for the mines as this
upstairs
[Music]
area I mean if I were her I would be
antagonistic
too in fact I am antagonistic
[Music]
uh no no no
no
no no my twink is
Frozen like a popsicle
in fact I am
a dang MacBook it's not a
Macbook is he going to be stuck in the
wall again no you did well okay you did
in caner to can't bring the I'll call
the Station when we finished the let's
go luckily we didn't get too far I was B
I was busy
yapping I was busy being the
yapper hello again I don't the amusement
in her voice there'll never be spat
chance but you can still have you this
place is the
Seiler we'll paint it red and what do
you know the girl oh that's very nice it
was not a sure all right you might no
the lieutenant let slip a sigh that
seems a wicked oink for me piggy wow a
cool damp feeling of the lieutenant
sounds like conceptualization will heal
me I forgot took your snout around
sometime after 10 just that he's a real
com oh see not to interfere in your
personal errand the lieutenant guess
this that's enough off with you she does
yes does any if this it doesn't the
inspiration will come to thank you
conceptualization shoot
piggy
okay we
win moving on
[Music]
Shivers trivial something is wrong you
can't move somewhere out Harry if you
don't go up those goddamn
stairs I'm going to take off leer
[__] cowboy hat
I forgot I needed my proper my real my
real
hat the rest is fine right now I think
[Music]
like listen this Hat's [__] op it has
no drawbacks the same way the other
clothes do well not C of that one but it
just gives you good perception it just
makes you see
better I love how Kim just
like just wants to support his boyfriend
did we inspect the traps oh southeast of
the village that's right we're going to
do
that Southeast and
Northeast
fire yeah yeah
stuck in the rain in a traffic jam man
what's on your
mind I think we could maybe talk to
uh that person that was like kind of
being strange core over here
good to go around
nice cuz we learned about the
pale Lan you CAU me at an opportune
moment the awful weather keeps me awake
you can entertain me with your questions
and what is
that great
he asked the Pine's rep about the pain
and now he's talking to everyone about
it fine then just try not to black out
again and don't contemplate we don't
have time for that it's death but for
the universe oh we're contemplating the
living [__] out of
this that is exactly what I didn't want
you to think
man' my partner wanted to know if you
work in pale
transport guys I think I just got -30
morale he's mad at me I made him mad at
me I can't I
can't I'll do better next time kimothy I
promise that that hurts it hurts so
much oh my stupid [__]
hat fix it fix it fix it fix it
I can also
technically put these on
there that was the most Soul crushing
thing
ever what was that
sound okay
let's try this again this time don't get
the twink
mad the woman is still hunched over the
railing her head
huh what is it what do you want and what
is Sam jambor you turn out to be you
have about a third of the jaine of
Gabriel buero and none of the
BS and what is great fine then it's
death but for the universe oh we're
contempla that is exactly what I didn't
want you he's M of be again you are it's
me again you know what I talking to this
person K doesn't want me to talk about
it
understood I'll
I'll I'll do whatever it
takes so what can we do we can go check
the
traps it's h tell what cam is and isn't
afraid
of Avengers reference what Avengers
reference this trap's not too hard to
spot once you know what to look for
keeping it hidden has not been a
priority for the
cryptozoologist the reads Bend fonly
toward the sand you see slabs of
concrete North in the East the city
Center hums to you the constant distant
song louder on this part of the coast
nearer somehow and there's that cold
again always the cold nothing but Locus
in this trap as well definitely no
crypto Zoological
monstrosity empty as all of them one
more of these and we're done
of course
noted and the other one's in the
Northeast it wasn't over here was
it it's over this way
no disco
game okay I'm going to reduce the
resolution we were not having this
problem for a
while I'm going to reduce the resolution
and then
um and then I'm going to reduce the
resolution um I read somewhere that the
the game didn't have all this all this
voice acting
until
[Music]
later cuz this is the definitive edition
yeah
it's it's kind of crazy to think about
what this game would have been like
without all of
this this traps not the read the const
nothing empty as all of them of
course like this game feels
like also different voice actors I need
to look up footage of like the older
Disco elium version cuz I genuinely
cannot imagine the game without it being
this way
currently I haven't been this like
captivated with uh voice
acting and like just
generally meta stuff of the game since
like God of War and then previously
Hades
why can't I pick that
up so I said the last one was to the
Northeast I'm in the north and I'm in
the
East don't call it me don't call me
don't call
me hello again
do I have a level up empathy it's time
to level up empathy maybe I can't level
up
empathy I have four skill points but I
keep waiting for White Checks
to I keep waiting for White
Checks put one in
Authority uh
and I'll just
put hello again wait didn't I just level
up
empathy didn't I just level up empathy
oh no I didn't I couldn't
I'm the I'm the monarch of short-term
memory loss
[Music]
reach reach 20 conceptualization to
unlock your personalized copy of disco
elium I can't tell what that sentence
means it's funny to me all the
same an old door worn by
elements
well I'm quite North now oh this one
right
it takes you a moment but finally you
spot the last of morel's traps this
one's partially obscured by the reads
the Reeds Sway in the coastal Breeze
they seem to be waiting for something
the wind picks up here near the cape's
end surrounding the narrow strip of land
from three cardinal directions what are
you the monarch of again I forgot time
of the year the map feels light and
Silent as you pick it up wait what
something is different here no
Locus what no fasit either but
still well debate worked on something
this doesn't mean it was a re monster
unless you see one in there I just see
an empty trap the neton is a little
untidy messier than the others like
someone or something picked up the Trap
and shook it before dropping it back
down on the
ground perhaps our cryptologist have
competition in the form of an actual
enologist or someone else is sabotaging
them I could present more theories but
then I would be taking this on as a case
which I'm
not we did sort of promise to tell them
didn't
we interesting no idea what that
means I don't remember there being
anything particularly of note here
wait I see this before I been here
before what's all this
then I made you a locust but I eat it
the Locust room
Love Is in the Air Wrong five trillion
locusts I know bummer
right not really they're my
friends the two plagues were as follows
one God made every God made everyone's
fingers a little
longer the second God took the the
firstborn child of every family and
replaced it with a skeleton
okay so
what wait has a day passed or do we do
this tomorrow I think we do this
tomorrow
Vic's
tattoo I still don't know how to do the
secret passage
thing um I've been using Guitar Rig s
for my guitars but I don't necessarily
recommend it anymore unless you really
need it it's a very versatile plugin but
versatile and sounding just okay if that
makes sense I switched to using neural
DSP amps and they sound so much better
so genuinely get the Mesa Boogie neural
DSP amp and
then if you like that go and uh check
out test out their other ones cuz all
the other ones have very specific sounds
all like in with artist collaborations
and stuff but the Mesa Boogie one's like
the most the Workhorse like really good
for everything sort of thing so get the
Mesa Boogie one and then once you're
used to that just check out the other
artist
collaborations waves are beginning to
die down look at those little
bastards simmer down simmer down Bast
why does she care about the waves so
much what is it with waves and
fishermen we need to be out there with
them fishing making a living so I asked
them to accommodate
me but until until that happens I can
try to assist you the best I
can so what will it be
officer oh that's good to know I guess
why is it in the
sea this calls for a funeral if you ask
me
please business I understand anything I
can help you
with yeah the neural the neural DSP
stuff is some stuff I was working with
after the Minecraft stream so um very
new development but they sound really
really [__] good um I am running a
guitar pedal though I think I've shown
it on stream before but I might
just I might just show it really quickly
uh where's my
thing one second I'm just going
to find the photo and air drop it to
myself because I don't know where it
is on my computer cuz I had it on my
computer
but um I haven't used this pedal board
and anything yet I'm planning to but
uh this is the pedal board I built that
I'll be using in future projects and
stuff I think that the most interesting
choice here I did was having the clean
pedal here cuz this is clean is a pedal
meant for clean tones and I figured well
if all of this stuff is off over here
then this is probably the best place to
put it cuz it's still behind lossi the
delay and the
Looper
um and so the other thing is this can
act as another Distortion and compressor
so even if even if I am using the
Distortion in this part cuz it's going
from kind of an
unconventional pathing I don't know why
I did it this way particular but it goes
from polytune all the way over here to
the mixer and then mixer routes
underneath the pedal board all the way
over here it's kind of unwieldy and not
necessary but it's just better for my
brain I
think
um that's the signal path that goes from
polytune here then here here um and so
if everything here is like turned off
then this is useful as a pedal for clean
clean stuff and then if all this is
turned on this can be used as another
Distortion or compression stage so I
don't mind having it here that's the
weirdest choice I
think but
yeah that's what we're working with here
I have a little cart that I wheel wheel
it in on so I can edit
stuff on it it's kind of
fun oh well how can I assist you that
okay
um we're really I think I'm kind of
stuck right now with the fact that
what is this on the table you see a bowl
of water the water Rift you almost look
like a
profession an old mirror hangs on a wall
you see your reflection in it the
expression fixed to your clean shaven
face yeah a
roack or not a rack cart but just like a
little
equipment cart not like a like a rack or
anything I'm I'm [__] up my words
really badly right now cuz my mind's on
like three different
thoughts um was going to say we're sort
of bottlenecked in the game right now
because I can't get past the Titus Hardy
Check le I
think cuz my authority is so uh
bad oh still can't do
that guitar wre isn't terrible it's just
you have to put a lot of work in to get
tones that are like effortless on other
gear you know like some the tones I was
getting with uh the neural P stuff I
could get it with guitar break but it
would take me a while if you know what I
mean like it shouldn't take me that
[__] long to do what everything else
can do
properly
um what what do you Sugg just a good
place wait a monarch and I'm CR flow
there's the two things you've heard um
go listen to girls for
wizards uh as my next my next stop I
would say girls for our Wizards is like
a complete opposite Whiplash of like
monarch which is why I released them
both in the same year one's like frilly
colorful pop EDM sugar music and the
other one is just like hell noise Rock
world I was like I needed to I wanted to
release those both in the same year cuz
it's just like everyone will be like how
the [__] is this the same artist and
[__] cuz it's like I love to do
everything what better way to establish
that then by releasing two albums which
are like the complete opposite of each
other but
can we do this check cuz I just up I
just up my authority it's you again what
is
it and then also my other thing was so I
really Scrolls for our Wizards and then
Monarch in the same year most of the
people coming from outside my my own
community so far from Monarch and now
now that I've gotten everyone that
listens to Monarch uh listening to my
music and they're expecting something as
like intense as that next I'm going to
release another [__] electropop top
40 sugar pop [__] just to annoy
everyone you know
what it says even I'm going to save scet
I think
cuz we do this to
progress I'm feeling kind of aim again
what is
it all right let's do it establish
Authority yes Authority
fever God damn it
yeah I've I've I've already seen the
failure on this I don't want to see it
again establish stop
it one try guys it's you again what is
it first try first try first
try [__] it h
oh I'd rather not know right
now oh I think the game just got mad at
me why is it why is this acting up all
of a sudden it really wasn't before
the game got mad at me for saves
coming oh Titus doesn't want to talk you
again okay what is
it oh my
God no I just think
my disum is acting up on my computer
which is weird because I don't imagine
this game requiring so many resources
but what do I
know should I really be saves coming
this or should I really
just I don't
know I might I might wait on this one
for a little bit
longer who are
you it's great to see you again officer
my wife can't wait to thank you go on
talk to
her oh sweetie I don't even know how to
thank you for finding my husband and
helping him out I hope we haven't been
too much trouble for
you here I want to give you a small
token of my gratitude it's a tie mesk in
origin the pin is an anti antique quite
special the little silvery knob holding
the tie together feels warm in your hand
it's in the shape of an Avan skull with
eight eyes you could ask her about this
when you get the time it's probably a
crypted but the fasit of course is more
important nothing like the Gratitude of
a good woman now then what can I do for
you he tries play cool remain
professorial but inside this man is
itching for some news on those traps
good okay
and completely
empty no
locusts no fmid either that's not ideal
but it just means the insy Indian faset
is even more clever than we thought
she's engaging in a well-known
self-deception called
motivated reasoning you should correct
of course more clever yes the fantasma
DEA picked off the Locust and escaped
this is good news though we'll have to
reconsider the design of the traps make
them more secure another trip to the
reads oh it's the crypto
fascist oh classic crypto fascist
hanging out in the corner
why don't you try convincing Morel his
hypothesis is invalid thank you for the
vow of night confidence Gary an officer
I appreciate your concern but please
leave this to The Experts unless you
have an alternative hypothesis you'd
like to venture actually no excuse me
for getting emotional
this is a big deal for us you've helped
us twice now and brought some great news
too my gratitude and the Gratitude of
the Krypto de is
yours heartfelt
gratitude but does it feel like
closure what really happened some kind
of Foul Play might be a foot the
thank you it's an honor we should
probably return to our main
investigation here this has been
refreshing but damn it Lieutenant have
you no intellectual
curiosity plus two tuno a
hooligan consider the way the empty trap
was Disturbed as though shaken most
likely the hands of a young person hands
small enough to fit inside the Trap too
you should ask the redheaded boy
Kuno a little hooligan but what would a
child want with
bags oh my dear Morel you've been an old
man for too long kids love to torment
insects almost as much as they love to
torment old
folks delinquents my favorite it doesn't
really sound like it's his favorite oh
you've been such a dear to us please let
us know whatever you turn up I have a
feeling we're getting so
close well I see you've got all the help
you need I'll see you tonight at my
place let's play susanti but no more
field trips for me after this is your
last chance to talk to Gary really
Gary we're getting somewhere here I'd
love to play suar and te but Elena I'm
sorry but you're not getting anywhere it
was some kids I know the little mutants
around here leave anything out in the
open and they'll steal it even if it's
bugs Morel it's been fun really but I
need a bath and I have deliveries to
handle when this tea is done I got to
run no no no need to apologize Gary
you'd be more than helpful
we'll have to take a rain check on that
game of Sue rainy today though we're
going to follow this through he keeps
the language unemotional but it's in
there disappointment hell no I had no
idea I'm still cross with him to be
honest it's not like him it's got his
quirks but dishonesty disloyalty are not
one of them I don't know what got into
him officer thank you for letting him
off easy he won't forget it we'll make
sure he
won't all right Elon
Musk always a pleasure to see an officer
of the
law here's something I've been wondering
quite often the in-game models
appear purposefully different than their
portraits like in this case it looks
like
his hair is white it's light colored
here in the portrait it's less
so I'm not sure if this is unintentional
or maybe just a problem with my game in
specific or if that means
something part of it wants to believe it
means something like perhaps what we're
seeing in game here is like
perhaps what we're seeing in game here
is like reality and the portraits are a
conceptualization of the people we're
seeing because you know being alive and
existing you you don't necessarily
perceive
things one to one with reality you have
your own way of perceiving
everything that's that's my that's my
interpretation
I mean
officers something that'ss odd about the
hair though like it's not supposed to be
like that but
whatever ah smallest Church in Sans Sals
right
it was all right subdued I might start
letting people up there again now what
can I do for
you behind the Dock Workers a ceiling
height
window it's not time yet
maybe we can go talk to everard did we
have something to do for him I don't
know we talk to Kuno that's
[Music]
right not throwing anything today
[__] does Kuno
care no Kuno doesn't give a [__] about
bugs so he knows Locust are bugs oh my
God I told you that [__] is lame shut up
see now they're going to take you to
Lane prison she sounds like she's about
to cry out of disappointment at Kuno new
found
lameness deny everything Kuno you need
to lawyer Kuno is not going to say
anything without his lawyer
present the [__]
oh Kuno doesn't give a [__] about the
armor that [__] had one thing majorly
wrong with him he's a [__] mutant do
you remember how he looked [__]
growth hormone [__] he's a giant the
armor is too big for any man Kuno
doesn't give a [__] about that freak
armor Kuno threw that [__] away Kuno
tried to get the helmet on it was too
big Kuno kick that [__] in the sea rugby
style that [__] means nothing to Kuno
yeah that [__] means nothing to Kuno
Kuno doesn't give a [__] about material
[__] Kuno is a [__] monk you want to
[__] on someone about that armor go [__]
the mustache Union [__] the Jolly trador
[__] at the gate
these are huge words yeah cocking boot
you know that Jolly Union cow [__]
came around talking about cows or some
[__] came around pretending like he
cares about cows yes you met him at the
gates the one with the boots and the
Jolly smile yeah he's the one you want
to talk to he's [__] crazy about that
armor [__] coming here pretending like
he likes cows trying to catch a PE Kuno
armor curious My Le why did Kuno feed
you this
information yeah Kuno is doing charity
today Kuno day Kuno feels sorry for you
two loser pigs kuro's doing pity now
still seems suspicious he may have it in
for that guy or you may be paranoid that
is also a possibility sir yeah drama I
mean yeah [__] are you talking about
what is this cont
[__] he says you're stupid Kuno they
want to make you stupid
again oh did Kuno make your [__]
sniffing harder obstruction of [__]
sniffing this is kun's Kingdom Kuno
[__] rules
here you hear the lieutenant
hum you're testing Kuno patience
here get
lost Kuno doesn't thanks Kuno ass
appreciate it did that complete our
quest for that
thing
no I don't think
so or did
it oh
okay okay we got it we got that so we
just
uh SMY on
[Music]
over up
racist hold wondering man how can I help
you the little boy I did good on his
promise to get get me into trouble to
siek the pigs on me pardon the choice of
words not mine what happened I was asked
to look into that armor situation
official Union probe you know track it
down and see who took
it did you at first I thought why not
maybe the pieces can feed the strike buy
us a few more days Under the Sun you
know so I went to this boy he said he'll
make me his prison [__] he's got eyes
everywhere the cops in his pocket and
he's the king of Jamrock
serves me right for doing menial
footwork I dropped that prob right then
and there and it still got me into
trouble one bad move is all it
takes I learned that people don't want
to talk to a drunk Union man about some
armor what else not much technical stuff
mostly that was the interesting part I
did some research into this
Madura let's say I have friends at the
library I didn't get into the material
science just how it comes off how does
it come off in Parts four in total the
helmet was the first to go the kid says
he throw it off and kicked it into the
sea I believe him the boots were still
on the guy last I saw too hard to remove
so as I count there are two parts
missing the gauntlets and the quass this
is where I left off too much hassle more
like a job for some
IA I guess you won't be collecting them
all then that's less word for you at
least oh they're just gone they don't
exist anymore if they ever did at all
forget about them I did I agree officer
let's focus on the hanging and later
some Jor officers can take care of the
rest nice from what I learned it was a
very heavy boring set of
armor it's a minor nuisance it's all
good he thinks not yet better to get
this business out of the way sweeter
then no problem if you see that kid
thank him from call me Manana thank him
for showing me the way he is sincerely
grateful he is not tracking down pieces
of armor right
now so this is the way
right okay anything here with this
one your race descent has only worsened
since I last saw you the only really Let
Yourself Go the only thing I can do is
internalize his racism which I don't
want to do so I don't think I will do
that
an imposing combination of a punch clock
and a pay phone I down at you from the
wall a note on the side says tokens
unavailable due to strike use
change the machine swallows your coin
and seems to be waiting for your next
move your fingers run over the dial pad
005 that's the dialing code for riversa
2 and a moment of hesitation before
entering the final numbers 9 93 calling
calling calling still calling then video
Rell 24-hour video rental you're in 8
and 10 mm film for home use this is Lamy
how may I help
you the voice of a youngster on the
other end sounds as enthusiastic as that
of a man walking towards the Gallow
video R is a 24hour video rental we rent
8 and 10 mm film for home use this is
Lamy no sir I don't know it's a video
rental maybe you rent videos here maybe
you call to extend your rental period do
you need to extend your rental period
let me fire up the
machine here we are you haven't rented
anything in 5 years but you still have a
copy of blue ocean health from November
46 wo not a fun film that
one uh it's not an easy watch after the
death of his daughter and subsequent
divorce zsk immigrant a gidus w chick
tries to come to terms with the onset of
dementia I'm sorry I'm sorry just I'm
sorry I'm sorry
but I thought that said like idiot
wojack
no wonder no one's been missing it still
it would be great if you could return it
to us we're on the corner of Voyager in
main on the corner of Voyager and Maine
a large neon sign hangs on the side of a
building video Rivers 24 hours it's
raining and there is almost no traffic
on the street a woman's footprints in
the mud lead away from the front door
tiny heels tiptoeing down the road
beautiful steps
lightf footed with a lifetime ahead of
them you look up and the air seems to
grow
darker the call is terminated by the
other party you're left with the
discomforting sound of the disconnect
tone okay surprised I didn't see that
the first
time or maybe it just wasn't highlighted
where are you going
okay I wonder if I can smooth the the
container
now Kim do you want to see me flirt with
a
container you're back before the cargo
container its drawer has not lessened
since you were loost here if anything it
seems to have grown
slightly okay never
mind oh hey mister I knew you'd be back
to talk to no trouble at all okay
nothing new with this one
fishing rod
oh that that's a
fishing Mr de every worker member of the
board how can I help you today
most certainly Harry nothing but of
course it's the least I can do for my
good friend Harry I'll do it right after
we've concluded this talk you can now go
and tell Titus about this see what he
has to say also Harry here's five
real oh I wasn't offering it to you just
holding it out there but I'm willing to
share information was there anything
else by your means Harry what's on your
mind
okay that might have just helped
with the the block we're having
here authentically rather than saves
comly I'm not against safe coming this
just feels like a
very important thing to get properly if
that makes
sense cuz it's like a main story beat
rather than just a curiosity
I love saves coming in a Boulder's
Gate especially because you can save mid
sentence and mid battle and
everything like unfortunately it is just
fun actually the M story Lo behind that
storage
container but don't you get it that is
the Disco elesium right there in that
container Boulder's Gate I've played it
twice despite its
length maybe I got maybe I got to play a
stupid ass character on stream
[Music]
sometime there might even be Locus in
thatat guys stop tempting me stop making
me want to go in
there it's you again it's you again what
is it what is
it oh so you went and talked to my mommy
and now she's making me play with you is
that it l man and what's going to happen
if we
don't you're going to go and tell on us
yeah yeah I heard him now [__] he you
think I'm doing here you'd have your ass
handed to you if it wasn't for the boss
man's word let me State this very
clearly
coo hello officer I'm Titus Hardy and
these are my boys Hardy Boys how may we
assist you but having everard back you
up like that did seem to have some
effect all right let's do it as you look
around this room full of sweaty men
swearing drinking spitting out tobacco
does this look
familiar you believe the place was
called Precinct 41 it was also filled
with almost exclusively men sitting on
desks talking [__] and wasting time
huh you got a problem with beer now not
quite there yet push
on you saying we don't help people I've
been doing this job for 10 years Martin
a was a dump before we put this outfit
together they don't know man they
weren't here we had three shootings a
week kids dead [__] graffito
Everywhere You cops haven't shown up
since the 30s congratulations on the
graphito
removal all I see is you sitting around
talking about Monica's titties while
there's a rape victim so so what what do
you want from me we took care of that
[__] don't let him drink that one more
push
quick Titus is hiding nothing Titus you
want to talk to her fine talk to her I
got nothing to hide everybody has
something to hide he certainly does so
long as you treat her with respect no
questioning no harassing or you got the
freight train of pain heading your way
you
understand who Am I who am I what is her
name classia I'm on D she's staying here
at the whiring in rags a real pretty one
silvery jumpsuit belong
that's am with an o u [__] the girl the
girl
upstairs that can't be her oh man
remember what you said to her you told
her you want to
have
um oh
man those are some de but I'll tell you
that yeah blonde tall two runs over from
yours sure why not you've probably seen
her
around oh I just made it
worse you inexplicably add coou after
the victim's name with your eyes bulging
like some wild beast your fingers are
fidgeting and sweat starts forming on
your brow as Titus looks at you oddly I
don't understand what's so cool here
nothing we just have a few more
questions then we'll be on our way it
sounds like you're having a heart attack
whatever you said it couldn't have been
that bad please relax calm normal try to
forget this little hiccup
I think
I I think I know
her emotional support ring save us yeah
for
real relationship there was no [__]
relationship he raped her that's their
relationship something is off here his
anger is possessive was like that
karaoke incident all over again or like
some of the other girls he was harassing
okay enough all of this is irrelevant to
your stated
investigation he did it before we killed
him he's not going to do it again so
what does it matter it would help if we
establish your timeline all right two
weeks maybe I don't know I need another
beer here you go boss here you go boss
I know
her how well do you know her a small
Twitch in the corner of Kim's mouth he
has a hunch about what knowing means
well enough copper we party she's been
here for a few months he tries to make
it sound real casual but the muscles on
his neck tighten you mean revish show
nah Our Miss Aron disco dancer is an
immigrant or a Drifter of some sort
being staying over here over the winter
don't you give her any more trouble
she's just had some bad luck that's all
shut up Angie she doesn't need your help
Titus gives them both a look they fall
silent what's with all the silences it's
like these guys don't know how to feel
about this you should keep picking it
yeah so confusing and what was up with
the party she and Titus did it sounded
fun what do you think I
meant yeah tons of it all the
songs no we just [__] that's all I'm
not going to give you any details if
that's what you're after so put your
dick away he really went out of his way
to seem comfortable with this topic
that's all you're going to get for now
he's doing a good job here a commendable
performance of I don't give a
[__] remember what I said freight train
of
pain my favorite
band sounds like the most chain smoking
Rock Band of like 1978
okay can I change the resolution hour
because this game in 1080 just does not
does not do it any
justice that's a lot
better the door is closed who is it
tired controlled this is the police can
we come in come on up the door is open
I'm drying my hair sounds like it's
coming from upstairs somewhere you could
Snoop around before going
up wait who said that who said that to
me oh [__] my [__] my twink alert's
going off officer what was
that you looked strange when he
mentioned the old victim's name do you
know that woman is there something I
should know before we talk to her
whatever you you do don't say the first
thing okay that's manageable understood
you were not in good shape on Monday
understood
it is this would have been good to know
before it should have anything else so
she overheard you or did you party
together anything
else that's clearly your interrogation
technique anything else we'll be all
right Lieutenant this is nothing is it
though nothing you're still in for a
bumpy ride here try not to mess it up
can it rhetoric I'm good at everything
in my life
yeah she's basically living
here this medicine cabinet is full of
wears sheets of pills halfhazard stacked
one on top of the other there's also a
toothbrush somewhere in there it's been
used quite a lot but not for scrubbing
blood of towels or anything else
interesting it seems thank you
perception let's just what I was
thinking Pharmaceuticals line the
shelves sheet upon sheet of pill bottle
next to pill bottle acetylic acid APAP
eye drops blood thinners anything of
not pill bottles rattle like bones as
you search the cabinet paracetamol hop
paradol something in a foreign language
you can't read behind them an unusually
shaped nasal spray its label reads necra
necra this is used to treat opioid
overdoses always handy to have
around opioid antagonist what does that
mean oh interesting that's use for
diamorphine over
does you could say he's on the
lookout among some forign probably
meinian or God valdian marked red
blister packs you find what do you find
this is going to take a little knooow oh
please please
electrochemistry there's a white check
okay a bright orange bottle with prep
tide stamped on it in Sunny happy
letters jackpot baby that's the stuff
you're looking for your palms begin to
sweat just holding that little plastic
container I'm not doing drugs for the
Video Game electrochemistry Stop asking
me to do
drugs
[__] cocaine is extremely funny so
you should start laughing as soon as
possible I'm also an opioid
antagonist just just insane sentences
are being
sad thanks guys thanks thank
you thank thank you for for laughing
prep a euphemism for pharmaceutical
amphetamine prescription spe
the [__] are you waiting for let's get
super [__]
preppy electrochemistry shut
up it's speed man just what you looking
for they call it
dextroamphetamine they talk about
psychological disorders but what we're
seeing here is some scientifically
Advanced trucker
speed I don't know how many
phrases this game has said to me that
are phrases I could have never dreamt up
in my most feverish imagination and yet
they're coming out just one after the
other in this [__] game what the [__]
do you
mean scientifically Advanced trucker
speed that's never been said before no
one's saying words like
this I also love how all of Harry's like
internal voices like all sound very
calculated even the most panicked ones
but electrochemistry just says it's
speed man it's speed
man electrochemistry is going to be so
pissed I didn't take it
this window is pristine on the inside
unlike the one next to it light from the
desk lamp reflects off the glass in an
untarnished golden
Halo smooth as ice there are spots of
mud and rain on the outside even smudges
but the surface of the window is clear
from the inside no chips no hairline
fractures following your lead the
lieutenant leans in closer to inspect
the surface looks like it
yes I love the patio loading
screen astray that looks like a hedgehog
get out of the way let me see
[Music]
it I don't know what the
okay just as you look at the flowers a
gust of wind raises them from the roof
picking them up in the
air you catch a single white flower
between fingers the rest fly off into
the wind it's a May
Bell the young woman looks at the May
Bell in your hand just a glance then
takes a drag of her cigarette the
lieutenant gives you an acknowledging
little KN he said nice trick
shot Snap Finger pistols at
him your 9mm semi-automatic finger
pistols produce a satisfying snap
strange for such a low caliber finger
gum to sound so chunky the flower in
your other hand is impressed so is
Kim that's not entirely true the
lieutenant is looking at the door to the
East and mostly misses
them this time I'm really going to do
it this time I'm really going to do it
this time I'm really going to do it this
time I'm really going to do
it welcome to the roof guys are you
ready for a live performance of
sledge It could only happen once her
hair is still slick from the shower
below her silvery jumpsuit an athletic
young body built long and
Lead guys stop saying yo yeah I'm
talking about suicide
I'm sorry for the mess down there the
cleaning lady hasn't come by in days I'm
beginning to wonder if she ever
will oh yes Legends of room number one
have made their way around the building
they say a portal to hell has open in
there hell you know not of which you
speak there were vortices of dark energy
present but not to hell
to another place a third place much
different from our world no I just trash
the place I know that's probably also
why the cleaning lady quit I'm Kim
kitsuragi I'm a detective from prison 57
I believe you have already met my
colleague from prison 41 have I ever
this is the biggest fan of ostentatious
orchestrations I have seen in my life
and I have seen a few oh yeah life gets
hard but we go on the chorus of the 35
single megaphoning the entire human race
instills you with the [__] all Swagger
that prompts one to plow into Granny's
on your morning
stroll encyclopedia that felt like a
very unobjective observation but that's
all right
oh I've got a couple of good years left
on my warranty Miss we are investigating
the murder of the man down there the
people who put him there have asked us
to talk to you huh I
see what could she be thinking of it's
hard to say her shoulders are relaxed
her eyes on the cigarette it's like
she's disappointed this wasn't about
more entertaining
matters classier AMU same name that
Titus gave you like her accent it sounds
oron her birth marks also signal arang
you don't know why but Oran girls tend
to come speckled with
them right sir V for Republic of
V I guess you could say I am an Oran
expatriate wasn't the tattoo on hanged
man on Oran map of the waterways the
thought begins to form in your head then
dissipates something for later a bad
memory officer the Republic of Aran is a
democratic na the mndi Isola north of
here over the sea and across the B it is
one of the six major accidental Nations
to hold stake in in the continued
occupation of revon the Coalition people
consider it a reasonable
superpower they will make you into a
fiscal Colony divert your natural
resources hold payant and shares but
they won't threaten to wipe you out any
time like Revel did in its prime it's
the past people can't go back to the
past thankfully it's
implied I'm
28 something stupid or I's lit but I's
literature it's what I studied at the
University
City fear of failure fear of death how
it sucks to be at an all national
literatures are only the name of the
nation changes what's about riverian
literature people sometimes reveal
things about themselves when they
discuss such matters no revelan lit is
about how magnificent and serious Revel
is it's about how you have have to save
the
world that's the natural state of the
revolan
hero she seems quite relaxed for a
victim of assault but of course what
seems should not be your
priority nothing I do nothing with
it how do you make money then money is
very important show her some money cool
I've made more money by just being than
I have with
RIT many things a ro a skating
instructor a secretary Miss Oria 37 it's
the world's most tired smile
Miss now there is something you should
electrochemistry do you ever know when
to stop
all things considered very now linger no
mhm I would offer you coffee but it's
garbage literally tastes like
poison I'm afraid you can't officer why
is that because it's buried in a sealed
plastic bag at an undisclosed location
on the coast along with cash and airline
tickets thank you for your Kinder why
they say so in your t this brochure keep
travel documents away from your person
when west of the
river if I were to lie to you I would
come up with a more mainstream name than
CLA
Mandu it's a weird name she seems to be
telling the
truth look officers I like this place
but I don't want to be stuck wandering
the city like a ghost after being robbed
of my traval documents I don't want to
become an indentured servant in a
brothel On Boogie Street and I don't
want my relatives to pay the ransom
there are plenty of other reasons for
hiding your documents from the law it's
also why I hit it why
yes I'm an unpopular
girl there are people back home who
don't like me if they show up I'm in a
hurry the kind of hurry where you can't
afford to not find your documents but
don't worry this has nothing to do with
your
investigation I would love to change the
subject it's not
important unless I'm some kind of
suspect didn't she say you would have to
interrogate her before and that she
didn't do it what was up with
that well well it seems I either
underestimated you or overestimated your
hangover officer if I didn't know better
I'd say you Fain that [__] having lying
to get me to say something stupid was
that so the lieutenant gives you a
little look it's good we discussed your
history with her he thinks I can play
along
cool you told us about the investigation
Friday night
downstairs at a table full of local kids
and Dock
Workers you told pretty much
everyone after you showed them your gun
that is does she have the gun
anyway I thought it would be funny to
say it didn't do it because I knew about
your
investigation does that make me a
suspect I really must stop saying stupid
things no I'm not she doesn't seem to be
overly distressed or distress the all
room my colleague is an exploratory
sense of humor not hold it against him
oky dokie if any of this made her
nervous it certainly doesn't show in her
expression or her movements the record
so
ficial she looks at the dry petals in
your palm then lightly touches one with
her
fingernail chip white polish covers the
nail it's long and sharp like a mini
dagger The Petal crumbles on contact
pretty looks like a dried
mayell is that the one you caught [__]
style why was there a flower on the roof
I don't know officer because of the
wind yeah it's pretty Deluxe
you have quite the collection of
prescription drugs down there I'm
wintering how long have you been staying
here about 4 months I came in November
here in the whirling here in Martin or
here in ravisha because it's the
funkiest building in
martines and because all the other
buildings are bombed to hell it
is the lieutenant makes a note in his
notebook you finds the answer
unsatisfying do I ask the question about
the prescription
drugs I guess in the lore of this game
we've had the permission to do so
potentially cuz part of the
investigation well maybe not though
maybe we
don't Kim seemed very
intent on being secretive about it too
so I think I'll skip over it
okay watching herself reflected in the
bedroom window tall and sparkling and
draped in
Smoke electrochemistry can hate me for
all I
care it's a bit early in the morning for
raped isn't it she sounds positively
buoyant vivacious totally
unbothered is
it it is
afternoon time flies
man yeah I'm going to go with not raped
I don't want to say that [__] about him
by him she must mean the victim tell
them it's not my style they'll have to
you know if they want to Jazz up the
charges they'll have to get someone one
more uh rapable it's all very organic
her mannerisms her movements if she's
acting she's yeah ol feels so rehearsed
Bo they she means The Hardy Boys are you
saying that you were asked to tell us
you were assaulted not explicitly but I
understood what they meant it wouldn't
hurt to spice things up a bit some
assault and battery sexual assault maybe
it was clear the ladder would be spicier
pretty much warming
them warming them the hands with the
coffee
cup I'm 89% sure
you know how it is do
you maybe you don't there are numerous
cigarette burns on those silvery scales
easy to see now that you're closer in
conclusion officer I'm going to go with
a mild to medium not raped
here serious
you hear cracking in her shoulders let
me make this 100% clear then officer I
was not sexually assaulted would I be
this flippant if I had
been what is what is going on
here I can't parse what this
means we
partied a lot of partying going on
from Titus about her and titus's
relationship that's where you heard
it suspect partied with victim write it
down Kim we drank sir a lot for weeks
basically we had that effect on each
other we made each other drink harder
that's why I liked
him what is
stimulants speed also has that effect
making you drink harder and then
drinking harder makes you do more speed
it's quite the
combination we also had sex a little the
drugs were good enough and we did enough
of them how did you two meet downstairs
at the bar he was on some sort of
assignment uh a military man as you
probably know had a cool scary scar when
was this a month ago something like
that oh yes I've had a great view from
the roof out of the bathroom window in
my dreams a bitter cringe it hurts you
look to the lieutenant he takes a small
step closer you cers drcm
yes jackpot
oh I made it and I would appreciate it
if you didn't tell everyone in martines
they call it snitching reporting crimes
is confidential in ra
Miss I didn't exactly disguise it I just
muffled the mic and Nick the Len line a
little with nail clippers and I
converted some radio fuzz into it into
the cold wire she is an expert at
creating a scene you were right to
suspect there might be Foul Play
involved with the broken phone
line did I [__] I didn't mean to I had
no idea what I was doing jigsaw fallen
into place this is satisfying good catch
I appreciate the Symmetry still that's
pretty clever temperary
simple and clever crossing the lines
like
that thanks she looks a bit like a
little girl who's just been complimented
on her bike repair
skills drama where did you get bike bike
repair skills coming from where did that
come from I don't know sir it was stupid
I was drunk too I was probably afraid
the union was listening in locals say
they they have ears in the wires we're
not entirely convinced about that answer
but okay let it slide pushing won't help
her challenging success thank you for
making the quote me it was the right
thing to do I didn't want to sir but if
I hadn't he'd still be hanging
there he had something to do with the
strike one has been roing since I got
here rotten
timing but you probably know all about
it and his role in this track was what I
think he was in a security detail he was
ex-military ex-military
by and against the union we didn't
discuss work much if you know what I
mean but I understood it was dangerous
you know what else is dangerous
spreading Eagle across the block
spreading Eagle across the block and led
him for it she NS
bullet they shot him to I'm not picking
up on any theater craft here sir the
pause is sincere they stripped his
clothes and they shot him you mean after
they hanged him I'm confused sorry so am
I were you aware that he had also been
shot miss things are starting to go a
little over my head here
I thought he was
hanged I was not present when they did
it I don't know what happened I just
know what they told me and syy the
bartender this is beginning to get
confusing for you too and we don't like
that where was she last Sunday night
cowering I was cowering downstairs with
Sylvie
okay really quickly I have to I have to
take the world's fattest piss so you can
watch my klings for me watch my Drago
for
me actually don't do that this stream I
hate that you can look at this instead
ah
ah ah
ah ah ah
happening it's all happening good
morning
okay I'm sorry I can't do it not right
now later
maybe I keep seeing him like he is now I
can't talk about it I don't know know
hair I know it's difficult Miss we can
return to it later they're frequent
guests downstairs they have a booth for
union members they're probably down
there
now over drinks it's been a long boring
winter a little yeah like you parted
with the deceased no not as hard I'm
sorry to have to ask this but have you
had a physical relationship with any of
The Hardy Boys I have
of which ones
sir I don't remember precisely Titus
obviously but as I said it's been a long
winter
damn all
right
well little does uh little does Sher
that winter will end just the same
no matter what she breathes a silvery
sigh of relief and weariness the air on
the roof feels humid should we head by
downstairs officer we may have things to
discuss there she nods silvery cigarette
fumes disappear into her mouth
soft light brown eyes look back at you
directly into the space behind your eye
sockets you see the Smoke Rise From
between her painted red lips she's
beautiful
wow okay I have bad news for you you
know these guys who me yes you he's
talking about you you boring stiff you
too me what did I do these guys are
compromised she's got them singing along
to her tune the little bleeps and bloops
you trust for info you can't trust them
anymore huh I'm sorry I didn't catch it
sooner it takes conscious effort on your
part there's no way of knowing at the
moment I'm afraid it's best to assume
all of them [__] man I ain't
compromised okay well I'm sure we can
sort out who is and isn't but
electrochemistry you're always
compromised that's your whole thing is
being compromised especially that guy
yeah that gu is the most compromised one
in exactly no [__] way man I just
want a drag of that that sweet menthal
okay really quick tell me what's under
her jumpsuits Glory truth softness
protect Elric she wants you stop how it
always does through subtlety there's
nothing you can do about it you are how
you are and she is how she is things
will go as they do no it's better to
know you're being played than to be
played without knowing it is it
not yes Mr thespian here has been
singing pans to how truthful she is she
is a lady most fair and just in his
defense to reduce him to such inadequacy
she probably have to employ half truths
more often than outright
lies
okay so like drama is like
mildly misogynistic whether by directly
or through reverse psychology that is
correct and Emissions
too a little they're all still of
limited use interpreting things to the
best of their ability maybe they had
fare or something I wouldn't know I done
to had fare but when it comes to
assessments of character and factual
accuracy they are not to be trusted not
with her don't be Mel dramatic you can
trust them just not with Miss Aran disco
dancer here a light green Speck and
imperfection on the outer rim of her
right Iris it
Sparkles you can't draw a sound
conclusion the one who usually does says
she may want to control the information
roll out not to become a suspect she may
have a past she's escaping unrelated to
this case you doubt it's something truly
Insidious see It's oddly moderate
probably
compromised don't worry it's only been
four or 5 Seconds you've got
this for a second her face disappears
from your cornea only a silvery negative
remains still smiling a tired
smile why not I'll be here until 11:00
p.m. drinking coffee most
likely and what is
this the same small heavy door no lock
in
sight I don't know Lieutenant Freer it
is not the first closed door we found in
this building there is also your
mysterious blue kitchen door I don't
know the further we get the more this
building seems to be tied to the case
below the Hostile cafeteria creeks and
groans under your added weight a
skeleton of composite support beams and
can
levers a dull thump somewhere inside a
wind brace rattles from the
imperceptible motion of the building the
Vigilantes the cadav and a number of
people connected to the kar in or around
this building this door is part of it
it's not unimportant
no still a mini
investigation he pretends to make a note
in his
notebook it's barred from the inside you
hear the bar rattle in the brackets
sounds like it's heavy too very sturdy
[__] it's so awful that the white
tank top gives plus one a physical
instrument it's just awful
I have four points why
not F jacket oh does
that no that doesn't no no no
no the same small heavy door no lock in
sight
you kick it Gung
hostyle entering the premises style but
the door fails to respect the force all
you hear is the bar rattling inside
laughing at you all right let's trash
the
place let's
not well damn
I guess we'll retry this at a later date
looks like we have more to discuss with
those so-called Hardy Boys half their
reasoning just went out the
window nothing will make them respect
the RCM but it will disrupt the game
they prepared for us we just tripped off
one layer of whatever it is her decision
to not corroborate their story was
definitely not part of the plan what
else could she have done
lie she saw there was no way to lie and
get away with it you would have caught
it if not you then me it was a smart
move from
her you think so she seemed forthcoming
unusually so being forthcoming about
some things is a good way to obscure
other things the best Liars are always
is path coming anyway we should move I
suspect our investigation will bring us
back here soon
enough this I don't know how to say this
but I've never had a game I don't think
I've ever played a game where it just
get it's just like every single thing
you do only adds intrigue on top of the
previous thing I am so deep
invested in this now I just I just I
can't live without knowing what the [__]
is going on in here it's crazy
everything is so well
written it's so UNS subtle how well
written this is
like I've seen
like
detective like movies and TV shows and
stuff but it's always uh hard it's it's
hard to find anything that's like as
engaging as this particular story CU
they do such a good job of like throwing
in the wrench of like all these little
emotions speaking to
you I quick save right I'll do it again
it's you again what is
it [__] I knew that [__] [__]
couldn't be trusted for the
record Titus hardi did not explicitly
specify the victim as a [__] nor did he
say anything about trusting her no shut
up and stay out of this
Liz he raped her he was out of his
[__] mind you have no
idea just J in denial [__] you don't
understand the traumatic experience
she's shutting down and she doesn't
[__] trust you and about Lynch too
um I yeah the the news of his passing
was really crazy cuz just a few streams
ago we were talking about how I really
need to catch up cuz I've only seen a
couple of his
things now I really have
to yeah she's crazy you know a crazy
[__] you know the type she's [__]
up no this is a diversion stay on
track law man I'm at the end of my
goddamn robe with you I [__] told you
not to push her his hands become
and you went and pushed her I am going
to [__] hit you st Titus
Hardy everad personally sent me to take
care of this if this goes south we'll
all be in the [__] but you Titus Hardy
are going to be buried am I understood
when she's angry she emphasizes the S it
gives her voice a strangely hypnotic
quality her lips barely move as she
speaks yeah and here's the
thing is when they started talking about
the assault on her the alleged assault
on
her it was it was so
casual and at the same time they
expressed so much anger towards the the
hanging victim but then in the same
breaths they spe this constant like
misogynistic [__] and now even
towards her have this
like like we don't know much about her
yet and and they're just like yeah she's
crazy A crazy [__] you know the type
she's F like what what type what are you
saying like all of this out of nowhere
this is it's it's
crazy someone has to rush in to break
the tension the second in command look
copper we know that that [__] was a
rapist and a killer we got him
confessing to it on tape
it to him
T was the harmed right here jerkwad
listen to this [__] then come back and
tell me the soldier of the Apocalypse
was an innocent man this is their last
play this tape their story is in tatters
a mess it might be nice to listen to but
at this point you don't need
to you don't care about evidence the
[__] are you a cop for then big see they
don't care about getting the truth they
care about getting convictions they are
[__] keeping a score on their
bulletin boards I won't be on your
bulletin board if you don't listen to
the tape we got nothing to talk about
there's a lot of questions if you ask
them now they'll just keep bringing up
the tape listen to it and they'll have
nothing to hide behind you think we go
into this [__] deaf and dumb you RCM
aren't the only ones who know how to bug
people there's no University degree for
that actually there are a few crypto
analyst radio
officer what the [__] is a crypto analy
analyst what's a radio officer wait are
any of these real conceptualization are
you lying to
me we have machines we're in logistics
how do you think a harbor works it's
advanced stuff understood you've
listened in on their Communications how
long since way before their Chiefs
started taking swing
lessons
oh analyzing encrypted data I see things
got nice and quiet after that I think
the prefix crypto has been ruined for me
because of certain people
it's not Advanced you just hold up in a
coup all day writing down what they say
it gets hot as hell in there don't put
yourself down Angus it's important
work yeah man you're like a radio unus
or something those notes are some
in-depth stuff indexes and
[__] what's on it we call it the door
going to Mega mix you'll know why won't
you listen to it now that is intriguing
you had me a do
G I'm sure we can find a de player where
can I listen to this why don't you try
shoving it up your ass genius yeah play
it with your ass [__] I'm sure we
can find a tip player it's not a problem
you room had one or maybe it's too
broken don't forget your tape law man
compliments and TI is
Hardy you do that oh and keep it maybe
you'll need a reminder of human ugliness
someday don't worry man tomorrow's
January 20th I know all about human
ugliness we got a couple of them walking
into our into our
bedroom the bedroom of the United States
of
America all right the porter reel is
just what you needed the reels attach to
the apparatus with a satisfying click
the tape is rooted behind the magnetic
reader we push command set and the tape
starts spinning violent static and
machine sounds fill the
air this isn't rishar this is a [__]
Village I can almost see the
elephants the
haror that's the son ofic Fon
crane when this [__] is done I'm going
to tear that place up Soldier the
apocalypse Style Kill [__] dogs and
chickens too gonna run a room Cy a real
nice
room I don't give a [__] I'm [__]
done I'm done
mentally I'm done mentally is that a
sentence people say I'll [__] do them
all in rape that disco Con on the
counter you know the Dan a wh upstairs
do it cooh
style never did get that taste out of my
mouth the lieutenant presses the button
marked AR on your Porter the tape stops
spinning end of
recording Cy could be shot for coronar
one of the other mercenaries the one he
was talking to probably the mon at the
harbor Gates Mr Right to Work
it seemed authentic enough probably
recorded of the shortwave then edited to
seem more incriminating he only like he
was on patrol around the harbor
walls I think he said all right now
Harry
still C he could be short for
it seemed authentic enough indeed
but a village on the Samaran isula in
South saffre grad committed war crimes
there the kind of thing he talks about
the south safre conflict is an ongoing
proxy war between gr and saffre it has
been hot for 12 years with the
atrocities piling on mostly committed by
the gr who knows maybe the tattoos would
have an answer we would need to know the
story of is men service a symbol of
soldier of the Apocalypse style conduct
in a civil
environment yeah we don't know what he
actually sounded like I think we've got
a few more questions for classia w't you
this seems to contradict her testimony
at least to some degree as you take out
the tape the boom box Tunes itself back
to the Cherry radio again spewing out
beats like it's a Friday night the
contrast feels chilly inappropriate even
not only do I not know what he sounded
like we know the tape was
edited and on top of that he didn't
admit to doing it he admitted
intent even if was even if it was
unedited I was just thinking what a nice
day for questions pertaining to a murder
investigation she puts her coffee cup
down with a soft ring as the porcelain
meets the metal table this does not
surprise her did
he I never said he was a good man or
that he had good
intentions only that he was never bad to
me she doesn't care if anything she
sounds amused
where did they get this recording
exactly it intercepted radio chatter of
the deceased recorded via the encryption
station it's authentic enough does he
say he's going to do it soldier of the
Apocalypse
style oh yeah that was practically his
pickup line a memory surfaces in her
tired
neocortex it's not entirely unpleasant
did he say whor is a lot was he pretty
much on the verge of doing it cooh sty
you like the way it sounded when he said
it as to Coho he wasn't actually there
he didn't do a tour or at least didn't
tell me he did would have been Overkill
anyway he lived his own little cooy it
wasn't his
everything no I'm pretty sure he did all
this things and then had to internalize
them to keep on living until they just
sort of turn into his
um what's the word I'm looking for
running joke I was going to say running
joke and it sounds like you didn't even
get the gbit L's punch lines got way way
funkier than that it was like the
semones conflict the kohar massacre and
the 36 faminine ye all rolled into one
person then cast in the ceramic armor
which he wore in bed and in the
shower afraid of what that tape The
Hardy Boys recorded your mother probably
never told you this but girls are evil
had I the physical robustness and social
support I'd be in cooy I would be
tearing it up soldier of the Apocalypse
style did you tell you he had actually
done any of those things here in
Martinez I mean no we were too busy
laying waste to our own nervous systems
to direct any of the fury
outward he
seemed he seemed happy I guess what kind
of man was he before you go ask for
details she seems okay to talk about it
thank you for clearing that up Miss
whenever you're ready I'm interested to
hear what Titus Hardy has to say now she
takes a very small sip of her coffee and
smiles
she seems okay to talk about it do I
trust
that just running around here
it's you again what is it it's you again
I'm the orange
hat and he tenses immediately chest
tightens jaw sets ready for another blow
that [__]
[__] you're the worst cops in revish
all I gave you gold on that tape that
[__] was wasn't aimed at you it was at
her you caught him off balance push and
he will give
way [__] [__] [__] and what did
she say then that it's fine Titus Titus
supposed to this is not has been Hotel
don't don't do that you're
okay you have better writers than
that I say this as as someone who has a
compilation of how many times I've said
[__] in a song
so my music my music is uh occasionally
Vivy pop cated as well it seems
yes in fact I think she thought it was a
little funny
funny no good goddamn psycho
[__] all right all [__] righty then
I guess it's good then that [__]
please try to control yourself in the
presence of Vos
Titus this is just perfect just [__]
perfect any thoughts on this law man you
don't have to say everything out loud
just mix and
match I already told you we [__] hang
him there's less gusto in his voice now
his men too are growing increasingly
silent they confused this is growing
over their heads come on Titus we know
you didn't hang him he was shot I know
you're tired so am I why don't you just
you know what I am tired I'm tired of
you and the [__] upstairs next time you
see her tell her TI to [__] off that
lion
scaming we're done this is
over understand your little
investigation is over call me don't call
me don't pregnant man react me we're
done
yeah on the floor bear drips out of the
can into a small puddle no one does
anything about it what is this quiet
funeral [__] all we need is some beers
in US
bartender 20 beers for the Dock Workers
Union why do we make it 40 huh why do we
make it 100 beers you're not loud enough
100 beers holy [__] now we're talking
hoity hop over here cafeteria manager G
isn't scared of any guard is not [__]
scared of anything the window might be
closing the more beers they get in them
the less Cooperative they will
be convince Titus he's being manipulated
you should know by now Titus Hardy will
never falter but you know someone who
might
fat Angus the powerful Guy Mr old muscle
the time has come put in in the pressure
just remember it's about more than
plasia it's about these men and Martins
their District their responsibility
outside in the midday Sun ruins the
Pavements are cracked and the benches
peeling newspapers blow in the Wind
huh he'll get it go
on got it K you because they don't like
you all
because goddamn right don't come around
if you're not from around [__] you I'm
not from around that's not why we there
we go
don't come to the wild North if you are
not white
enough they're just
racist it all makes sense
now it's like oh but but I'm not white
so it's like it's like it's the same
it's going be like I can't be racist I
have a black friend type
[__] that's that's what's going on
here it's the outer ring of fascism
it wasn't that it
wasn't we didn't shoot him that's it
that's the weak one you flushed him out
now go in forther officer you will be
next if you don't shut up he's onto you
he knows what you're trying to do
the lieutenant has put down his notebook
his hand is resting on his holster he
gives you an imperceptible nod what what
does that
mean no I'm not going to do it I'm too
old for a shot like that now
suddenly there's an awful ringing in
your ears your body temperature spikes
you're burning all over with fear to
your right you sense the air move the
lieutenant draws his firearm you only
manage to perform one more movement an
instinctive jerk to your left then no
sound no one screams it's impossible to
say where it comes from more dead CS sad
news from the District of
as the bodies of two police officers are
found Canal it is believed the officers
were pursuing a murder investigation but
got caught in the dock worker strike and
were gunned down under unclear
circumstances such needless loss of life
is truly tragic a local union leader
evat cleair commented and added that
although the event is truly horrid we
can expect similar incidents to follow
if right-wing Vigilantes are allowed to
R run around uncontrolled and try to wle
their way into well organized
neighborhoods oh when was
that I thought I quick save before I
spoke to
them
officer with this does not I thought I
quick saved before I I thought I quick
save before that
engagement okay I'll just render this
again quickly
it's does he say he's going to do it
Soldier yeah a memory did he say whor is
a lot he like he wasn't actually there
no I'm pry run he was like the semon
afraid of head ey did he tell you no
what kind thank you for C she takes a
very small sip of
okay I remember all of the choices I
made so I can just run through them
again you might think why try the other
options but like I just want to be
accurate to my play through was supposed
to
be
okay it's you again what is
it if I want to try the other options I
play the game again and he tenses
immediately just dead that you caught it
off balance push [__] [__] [__]
yes fun all right please this is you
don't have to say everything I already
told there's L th come on you know next
yeah on the floor what is how do we make
100 beers now we're talking H hop over
here the window might be closing the
more beers they get in there the
convince but you know someone who fat
just D outside he'll get it got it kill
you godam [__] you there we go don't
come to the wild now it wasn't that's
officer he's on to you he knows what
you're trying to
do the lieutenant what what does that
mean we didn't kill him we didn't even
hang him he was dead
when that's what I thought shut up Angus
F say one more thing to the cops and I
Dennis stand down or I'll beat your head
in Theo take your hand off the belt this
isn't 31 I've got this under control
does he his closed fist is shaking it's
you who's in control let them have their
moment Angie where's your goddamn
inhaler you sound like you're dying I
left it home I can't get it I'm too
[__] I'm sorry why are you so [__]
fat Angus now it's all pointless because
of you you wasted my time I told you
Titus I told you just give her
up it's like the most nothing Burger
thing ever it has nothing to do with
this Lizzie your help is no longer
needed here go tell abro fine I'll tell
him after a long walk along the coast
okay but what just happened here he's
all your
questions he notes you hanged the corpse
to cover up the real cause of death the
bullet in his head another not cuz the
girls asked us to they were in some [__]
girls plural there's another girl two of
them take note of this they'll probably
say more about her later did she kill
him cop I have no idea the girl says she
didn't he doesn't think she did or at
least he hopes she didn't classier came
down she seemed really out of it drugged
up even more than usual buge eyed and
gning you know not in a fun way it
looked like she'd redosed after
something went down I've seen that look
before she was scared I knew someone had
died I've done this job for 10 years
I've seen it before it's the politician
in the motel room the dead hooker
scenario only in reverse good analogy
boss the rat-faced man Snickers you
don't get to talk yet chanky you're
still on the bench and you keep taking
it easy too
Angus we went upstairs sure as day the
MC was dead there was a bullet hole
through the window that
[__] dirty sheets and Bottles
everywhere me means they've been [__]
tibs patched the window and the corpse
we
H nah he's my brother he's in the window
replacement business tips that's short
for
could it
be oh [__] that's why this is
here holy [__] the crun Lord themselves
yeah good man not anymore bet their
father's name atus hardy lacricia hardy
would be their sister anyway
you may have noticed our girl in some
[__] of her
own yeah she wouldn't she's [__] if
she shows up on police radar they're
powerful connected to the moral intern
she's clearly afraid for her life says
if she showed up in your systems she'd
be ghosted away that's all he knows
that's all she's told him and why would
you help someone like that by [__] on
a murder why would I I guess we B all
sorts of runaways and losers here it's a
Martin A's thing not yet just some ideas
she says the shot came from outside
behind the window somewhere so that's a
clue but the Bullet Hole didn't make
sense for that I'm thinking someone's
past caught up with them the hers oh his
hers you mean I mean the people after
classia maybe the shot missed maybe it
was meant for her I like that been
thinking the same thing myself my do one
of those mercenary buddies of his could
have done it they got guns training
years of Bad Blood probably or it could
have been someone else from crenel tell
you what I do
check out the coast for Vantage points
maybe consult with a ballistics buddy of
mine that's what I do if I wasn't too
busy doing this clown dance with
you in a manner of
speaking remember the two girls he may
be talking about the other
one that's right it was her idea to hang
him I liked it for for political reasons
it sent a good message fella you think
too much he's off all right you're going
to hurt your head that woman is just
affiliated with The Hardy Boys you don't
know her
anyway we're Hardy
Boys and that's it
nope you're not getting to her it's
classia you want to talk
to me
too you do that hey cop before you go
suddenly the wind picks up outside you
hear it rattling the large windows in
their frames it carries newspapers
circles the whirling in rags in a war
colum
she classia came to martines to hide
many of us did this is where you wash up
when there is nowhere left to go the
union takes you in now
she refused that protection but that's
right if we didn't take care of the
people who end up here this place would
just be a couple of ruins and some cargo
containers we take that into
account
window behind the Dock Workers a ceiling
height window the Hawthorne branches
scrape the glass like bony
fingers it is is it
time behind the Dock Workers there's a
yellow ribbon tied to one of the
branches light yellow faded with time a
tiny spash of color in the Blackness of
the thicket hanging from it a bronze key
someone hid the key in the bush and
attached a yellow ribbon to make it
easier to find it's close enough to the
latch up there one can slide it open and
just take it surely not a
coincidence huh
I don't know about that I'm comfortable
here don't think any sliding would
really help right now sorry [__] looks
like you're going to have to go Bush
diving good [__] luck with that the
hathor's got a [__] of a bite I'm going
to enjoy the sight of you in the bushes
out there with a loud Thug the old man
stands up pushes the window open grabs
the key from the Hawthorn branch and
slides it across the the table to you
the key is brass Workshop spare is
etched into its bow the old man closes
the window and sits back down in silence
interesting come on man we were just
having some fun where's the H in I'm
tired of listening to your
[__] didn't even know it was there boys
no idea never even seen it someone must
have hidden it there before this room
became our place
don't thank me I don't give two shits
about your key it could open the door in
the kitchen the blue door it says
Workshop spare maybe there's a workshop
there it's worth a
try let's let's let's
let's equp the pry
bar you see a heavy still door with a
prominent dimple lock it's painted blue
it could be connected to the bar door
upstairs the key fits the dimple lock it
takes a bit of effort to turn it after
all these years but then the lock clicks
the darkness before you smells like
engine GRE and cut
wood the mega
investigation n b
that stands for non-binary must be
tiberious all these mesmerizing machines
just waiting to be plugged back in and
played interfacing is excited feels like
it might jump back to life any moment
the lights Illuminating the white robed
woman some kind of inan pinball theme
probably related to Messina during the
age the history themes are the worst
Deora was one of the three Crown cities
of the DeLorean era on the mndi Isola
the others being Ria Sylvia and at
vesperas this theme is all about early
airships and beautiful sad Pearl Laden
women it's quite nice actually the
lieutenant grimaces looking at the
machines now oh I love it I love pinball
who doesn't love pinball let's move on
he
doesn't
no you can't fire them up they are
broken only that one machine in the main
hall works the royalist pinball what a
dumb name royalist pinball if they
weren't broken he would kick one of
these machines about now
Kim pinball
kitsuragi K exactly that's what he's
known as his reputation precedes
him so now he
remembers oh my God
wait it's not a
joke it's lore fine I'm Kim pinb
kitsuragi AKA a the Kimbo you remembered
congratulations no human being should it
is a game that requires no skill and a
childlike Affinity to flashing lights
and to Fantastic s fiction and historic
romance
FR is Kimball it is
lame I am not called pinball it was used
to taunt me a long time ago before I
became a homicide detective and got my
lieutenancy fine I was a juvenile police
officer for over 15 years it's how I
started out in the RCM once I had to
infiltrate a pinball ring as you do when
you a juvie cup it was not okay I needed
to become a pinball Champion I trained
for 9 months the job was successful and
I was moved out of the juvenil wing to
side end of story that time is over now
I was already a 38-year-old man it was
UN becoming as was playing pinball so
that's why he doesn't want to talk to
kuna trauma and stressor disorder from
being a
juvie wow okay this this this
is lien and kitagi is good too
now we really need to continue our sweep
of what appears to be a secret path
through the worlding I'm going to
cry why can't I just call it
C I'm
mad over there in the
corner not just any pinball machine this
is the Pinnacle of B cornelius's Gordy
and the mountain goats it's lit you
can't wait to get your hands on it
interfacing sh it's okay the pinball
machine G is goats a classic a little
feels like a lot too much to play it
again oh
great Cornelius gordi and the mountain
goats reads the golden lettering on top
of the back box there's a small column
of text underneath the machine is coin
operated Kim you're within
me Kim kimothy you're within
me why is
that get the game on finger boy don't
those flippers are
ready don't ever say the phrase finger
boy ever
again don't call Harry du the finger
boy anything but
that can we go back to the balloon
Champion days do you remember that
one [__] finger boy above the
painting of a mustached man climbing a
hill a column reads inspired by The
Legend of Cornelius gordi taken on the
world's tallest peak Corpus Windy The
mesk Legend holds that when the nation
is in danger heroic GUI shall return and
save his people the theme of the game is
to explore G's climb through the
perspective of goats and to ascend to
the top of the mountain in a time of
trouble that's nice the peak of the
mountain is at the top of the Playfield
all the balls have small goat icons on
them and represent the goats as they
race up and down the mountain so sweet
areas around the Playfield represents
gordis climb places he was said to have
camped which the goats can discover get
them to the summit get them to the
summit it takes a while to get into a
rhythm but pretty soon you're able to
keep three goatfather
your monkey brain time but you if you
want to have this monkey brain time you
have to stop saying finger
boy
also do I say anything about this Mutual
pose or do we just ignore
it [__] K you had me nervous I feel
sorry for the goats if they only knew
the kind of guy old Cornelius really was
do you [__] know Cornelius the goat
man the kind of a gy who uses the word
Savages a lot when recounting his
travels oh mask nationalist an avid
Huntsman too he was often photographed
in his dining homeall surrounded by
wallmounted hunting trophies from every
continent he also hit his wife and kids
other people's kids too sometimes pets
hat F little
man I'm I'm doing this in the fresh
prince of belir voice Uncle Phil
voice so the story is about Elon Musk
isn't it
Kim that's right Uncle
Phil but you seem to be having
fun your game is definitely improving
the Jolly goats are flying all over the
board and although a few plummet to
their deaths you're never left with less
than
three the Jolly goats are flying all
over the
board suddenly a special passage leading
to the summit slight open at the top of
the board this is where the balls need
to go this is where the balls need to go
maneuver in a goat ball into a position
for a perfect hit isn't easy more fall
to their deaths but finally the
opportunity presents itself one of them
gets through tiny Hammer shatters
something inside the machine something
glass the words pale rupture light up on
the speaker panel and the Machine starts
filling with a thick milky fog
something's happening what
congratulations this is where the game
ends it's a cheap way of getting more
money out of the players a stupid
nihilistic female there's so much fog
you can barely see anything some is
actually leaking out of the machine and
one by one your goats start slipping
disappearing into the Milky nothingness
this can be navigated the balls leave
almost imperceptible disruptions in the
fog use them to calculate where they hit
next you're down to your last goat going
mostly by sound eyes are useless at this
point but that goat is something special
five times you snatch him back from the
jaws of
death you're in a perfectly balanced
system where neither you nor the pal is
able to get the upper hand this could go
on
forever I am I've seen it before played
it too you will even eventually make a
mistake and then it's all
over a low
17 is a red check why
not how if you can't even see it the
last goat plummets into the fog with
almost suicidal Glee there goes nothing
finger Boy Thanks
interfacing at least I spent time with
my husband $5
this small elevator is dimly lit by a
bulb that's been glowing for ages the
lest cage is open inviting you to step
inside why am I bad at ball games where
did I get that debuff smells of noua and
sweat your head brushes up against the
ceiling there is a control panel to your
right and just enough room for two
people to fit in oh Kim there's just
another room there's there just enough
room for two people
it can be you and it can be the goat the
maintenance card under the control panel
reads last maintenance 10th July
88 that it does I say let's Brave
it no it was maintained in 88 of the
previous
Century look on the bright side if it
fails we will only sustain minor
injuries
I'm talking three maybe four months in
the hospital maximum five it appears his
whole enthusiasm is
sarcastic seems like a small freight
elevator for transporting machinery for
that it's pretty
quaint there are large rectangular
buttons Monte desant and an
international call for emergency
assistance that third one appears to be
broken a small steel plaque reads halter
halter is a conning Steiner lift company
who went out of business a long long
time
ago world's fastest elevator what the
hell
oh small Windows tape shuted plastic
this should have a view of the
outside of where the body was
hold
on put that
away this light is on it's a light isn't
it I hear
music pinball Maker's coat
so this is where they brought 40 pinball
machines to fix them up a long time ago
everything is covered with dust
now the lieutenant looks around the
dusty crowded room inspecting the tools
on the
Shelf looks like it I'm guessing
Martinez North 22 used to be a pinball
Arad before it became Hoster there are
machines left over a creek some dust
falls off a shelf downstairs in the hall
next to the main door one of them even
works I've seen one of the hardies bang
away at it remember the dice maker then
that
means ah yes as the novelty dice maker
said this has absolutely nothing to do
with the case I'm sure but I do like a
nice little connection but then it went
bankrupt your skin crawls from making
the connection or is it bankrupts
[__] than thank you Val he hit hit it at
the right
time if that's true then our cafeteria
manager is not going to like it we
should tell him what we found up here
omitting that suspicion he does not
appear to be the kind of man who likes
his establishment to be part of a
neighborhood ghost story about
bankruptcy stupid Superstition but still
it would be interesting to see what the
cafeteria manager thinks of this at some
point 20 years ago 15 maybe before
pinball went out of
vog
footprints you clearly see footprints in
the dowy carpet of dust covering the
workshop floor jackpot these un like
everything else here are new
3 weeks maximum from the dust cover AG
it could easily have been one week too
you know officer this is so good it
makes him forget the whole Kimball
memory the blue door was a mega
investigation after all it has now
converged with our main investigation
which I would say is quite
large large Prince most likely made by
Boots the size is hard to determine Soul
could be bigger than Vamp the souls have
left the pattern uniform horizontal
lines one person has been here they've
gone back and forth the tips Point both
ways this print is unlike one left by a
regular worker boot it is not a brand
soul with logos on it it seems customade
or oldfashioned shoe size is 41 to 42
maybe 43 it could be a large footed
woman or a small to average footed man
this is unfortunately the worst most
vague shoe size there
is no these little horizontal lines are
different they look custom made to me or
some kind of fore print hard to say
still a boot though the size looks about
the same actually they're not the same
sh but they could be the same person
between that and that
everything around you is quiet the
prince crisscross the workshop
floor it means someone snuck through
what seems like a secret route behind
classia room in the recent weeks this
may prove to be
significant you can almost see the shape
of a man and a woman writhing inside
bathed in drug sweat and dirty Linens
you can barely see through better not to
jump to sensationalist conclusions here
the footprints on the floor however
definitely suspicious boring Footprints
I want to jump to sensationalist
conclusions electrochemistry it's you
every day of the [__] week isn't
it you lean closer to the peephole
instinctively I bet they're doing
something quite unnatural
sensationally unnatural okay thank
you this is the bar door you tried to
kick in
before the door shudders a bit as though
it were laughing at
you bent metal broken glass your path
lies strewn with the broken forms of
everyday objects you are the Destroyer
the bane of inanimate
matter anti object task
force
what what did that just say to me
what do you mean anti- object task force
oh it's a
thought new brain War
dropped save
this it's always good to see
you something in her demeanor has
changed she's tired consigned to her
fate to be here with you and what's to
come
yeah I did not mystery solv then I kept
wondering where it led there may be more
to this mystery at some later time she's
holding back let's make a mental note
for now
no I want to know
now a peephole you mean like a hole in
the wall yes looking into your bedroom
Miss okay AIT fear and disgust moves
through her body beginning from her
shoulders and ending in her hips the
cigarette taste foul to her now do you
think this is somehow connected to
me okay do you have any way of knowing
how long it has been there unfortunately
no but if I were to guess long enough
the perforation is under the bookshelf
on your wall it shouldn't be hard to
cover with
some [__] I don't know maybe it's been
there for a long time maybe the local
kids use it or something I don't know
I'll be [__] covering it up with a
lot of tape that's for sure was there
anything else back there huh this isn't
good she's straight as a stick
suddenly okay I'm glad someone's had fun
mhm she's lost in thoughts eyes narrowed
forehead furrowed thank you I've put a
lot of time and effort into it
technically possession of Narcotics is
legal in revon but you should still
reprimand her
no with money sir it's not exactly the
anti-star size Kaboodle I intend for it
to be one day but it's getting there the
anti-star is or was a vestine rock and
roll star who liked to do drugs he did
so many drugs he eventually mutated into
a
corpse comes in handy when you've done
too many opioids is that something that
happens to you often miss better are
safe then
sorry oh yes one of my favorites it
cures many ailments like not being able
to stay up for 36 hours not being happy
it cures those ailments it's just a
mired speed molecule basically very
funky all
right smokes as loudly as
possible like for example his name
actually officer I didn't know his name
I just called him Lei a nick name I
guess he came from Le's Dad it's short
for that and it was his army name
apparently he said his real name wasn't
his I tried to pry it out of him but it
was no use l that's a good start we have
a few questions you can help us with a
few things of field autopsy alone can
answer the young woman cranes her neck
trying to catch a glimp of the page the
lieutenant passed to you on it is a list
of autopsy observations recorded neatly
in blue ink everything left to be
clarified is in the column on the
left perhaps it was communism no kill
them here was 42 42 are you sure I would
have had him above 50 he had many scars
that made him appear old older but no we
even celebrated his birthday like some
weeks ago it was a funny two days he had
little reason to lie to me looks like
you were right
Officer points AR good have one you all
dog before we all
die wow pain threshold ever The Optimist
this evening
the young woman looks at you then the
lieutenant then you she's clearly
sensing something a [__] in testosterone
levels
perhaps oh
that sure
waterways it was mostly for showing off
to chicks though
how imagine him lying in bed freakish
musculature laid out on the sheets
scarred of course tattoo the sheets are
dirty for some reason is this Oran
lit he's smoking and drinking of course
and his chest and shoulders and arms are
are studded with stars tens hundreds of
them maybe even thousands would you say
that there are even millions and
millions of stars in your
eyes right to be kind and the woman goes
like what was this baby and he says that
was too hardcore don't ask me about that
so she goes okay but what's this baby
and he's like saw some bad [__] there
killed some loin
cloths and so it goes star after star
Port after port third world country
after third world country and he's done
horrible things in every single one of
them oh
yeah no thank you I've seen enough of
him dead I can tell you what they meant
without looking at them go on there was
a blue-eyed boy with thick arms from a
small town it was also poor and the
government of B needed some people
killed so they turned him into a
grotesque killer for money he went to
killer Academy in
vfor then he killed some people in the
semine islands and on other Islands too
all of the islands after this he came to
rishel and got killed
himself change of topic perhaps
yes light blue they were
like like little blue
galaxies it was strange seeing those
eyes in his [__] up face Parton the
swearing I do him an injustice he wasn't
ugly and he had a beautiful soft
voice very surprising what was all the
scarring it was quite something watching
him speak yeah had to combat wound on
his chin and mouth Yes
severe it made him look like half his
face was cracking away in some strange
smile that in those eyes oh yes his hair
if you can remember it was light brown
almost blonde he darkened it with
brilliantine made oily not nice to
stroke I couldn't convince him to leave
it
alone interesting I too have stroked his
hair
the young woman
nods a real rainbow splattering of
pharmaceuticals I bet or bitrates and
feten S denil how much does the
toxicology report cost the police of
reval I could do it for half of that sa
you some money make some myself it's
quite expensive Miss but we'll manage
without your help for now
in officer it's um I think municipality
is the term a nowhere town there thead
municipality has few borrows and even
fewer cities It's Made Of Agricultural
plots near the border of goval executive
summary cows silos and wheat
aren aren's map of waterways this fits
with its Tattoo You Are are almost right
Officer that means his race was
accidental not mundal I'll update the
form yes we were compatriots did that
bring you together no he was too old for
that and From Another Part of
or I didn't even understand his accent
what brought us together was an or it
was bad habits sex alcohol thank yes
thank you no love for mother arrest
but wasn't he a soldier this could be
worth
pursuing is it no he left the national
service after they taught him to do what
he did on
semine he wasn't the flag waving kind he
was the making money killing people
kind he was by no means a stupid
man a people person a small platoon
leader certainly not a
patriot
mhm there is nothing on
Moi the old old world is dead and we
both knew it maybe or did bring us
together in loathing I love rishel
though I hope she loves me too all
right coie gracefully she pours herself
more coffee I understand just like that
no resistance her shoulders are slouched
her feet long and
straight I knew there was a chance you'd
get them to tell you it's what you do
you're the police for what it's worth
I'm sorry for wasting your time this is
good clear the air first between you two
then move on to questions no it's not
good it's the opposite of that this will
let her dictate the terms of your shush
I can't hear what she's saying let the
Miss speak she's tall and thin and tired
a twig treding so hard not to break guys
stop arguing if you knew we would find
out eventually why did you waste our
time because of the hardies I couldn't
just dispense with them they were only
trying to help me out of the [__] I'd
gotten into
you're right there's more you answer to
the coalition government and by
extension the moral intern briefly
glancing over her shoulder to the Sea as
she's done time and time again a grand
expans of water reaches over the bay and
the Horizon wine dark in the evening
lights the P the muindi Isola the
oxident and the then
Oren the old old
world you share a database with them you
send people to their
courts just business but bad business
for some people in the moral intern if I
show up in your records officer they
will find me they will what happens if
they do they will kill me sir if you
file my name take me in for questioning
enter me into the moral intern Mill well
then I'm [__] for
nothing this murder didn't have anything
to do with me [__] people after her
moral intern people this isn't Orin lit
it's not nice but it's not illegal not
here in ravish or even in Oran what
exactly did you do industrial Espionage
I joined a business Collective with the
intention of betraying them I did my job
well enough to be asked to do it again
with a bigger company the kind you
really really don't [__] with I took
their ledgers two decades worth of
accounting I need the names of the
companies involved and who hired you the
job was L during County Savings Bank
they sound small but they're are part of
the loose scup conglomerate that was the
second John the first was some printer
company you wouldn't know them but she
really destroyed them she still feels it
as to who hired me for the job I don't
know but they're after me too along with
L scop and their friends in the MI
once you're done in the competitive
intelligence circuit you don't have
allies you're radioactive Low's cap
these people engineer financial
disasters in Second World countries the
conglomerate also includes the bank of
Consecration airb and the popular papalo
line of dairy
products papalo
sure I'm not a war criminal but it was
bad people lost their jobs good people
too not just
seite a lot of people got hurt but
that's just more of my [__] you
shouldn't have to deal with you're
solving a murder that can wait look into
her eyes there's
more do I want I don't
know I feel like empathy is trying to
[__] with me here of course this case
takes
precedence we were
there together in bed I mean
okay he was in a kneeling position he
had just entered me I was on my back
looking at him I heard the window behind
me shatter and I turned to look there
was a hole in the glass I turned back to
him his eyes were looking through me and
his mouth was open dumb I could
see I could her chest Rises and falls
with each word she keeps herself
together I knew he was dead before he
fell down on top of
me you was Heavy I pushed him off and he
fell to the floor there he only had his
boots on I bit the pillow not to scream
then run
downstairs I waited for the second shot
to come for
me I thought there would be one it never
came she's forgotten about her cigarette
the butt has burned right down to her
fingernails oh
so am I what time was this when did it
happen it would help us if you could be
as precise as possible 11:30 to 12:15 I
don't know the exact time around
midnight it's okay were you inated not
as much as
usual are we back are we here
does everyone hear me or do I have to
start a new
stream holy [__] I saved
it last time I was getting super tired I
like I I need to go to vent anyway but
this time like please don't do this to
me right at this part of the video game
don't do this to
me so we're doing it we're here we're
back um I think OBS has some issues
so OBS has some
issues we're back we're all
good maybe a quick Drago to clear the
mine oh
yeah oh yeah
nice doing it and doing it and doing it
well doing it and doing and do it well
holy [__] you just unlocked a memory in
me hold on
holy [__] you just unlocked a [__]
memory within
me oh my
God
where it's a porter porter Robin and
Taco Bell
right what was it called
remind me the name of the of the video
name what was it called
doing it and doing it and doing it
well Taco
Bell there it
is what is this the P Robinson
version Taco Bell Dorito taco and then
it's it's uh
Divinity is this it did I find
it I can't tell
okay I think it's right I think this is
it what's up I'm about to try the new
Dorito shell taco from Taco Bell doing
it and doing it and doing it well doing
it and doing it and doing it well I
represent Taco Bell Dorito
sh dorit
Doritos
[Music]
dorit
dorit Doritos
[Music]
you said is that Eric's brother hold up
if peaker if you're still if you're
still in the chat hold
up oh yeah okay peace if if you're if
you're still in chat this one's for you
buddy Eric the bikan he pedal good bikes
it's true I do every store a bicycle
niral especially during bik media frenzy
sale prices on Primo bicycle Beauties
and phenomenal bike gear will make this
your best season in the saddle all
because
of and bike Mania raging now at all
Eric's Bike Shops yeah I know Eric the
bike man cuz peace I don't know if
they're still in chat or anything
but it it would have been like what year
is it 2025 would have been like eight
years ago P showed me Eric the bikem man
for the first time and I think I was uh
the happiest person in the universe
because of
it oh yes please thank
you
okay good thinking clear your head
you should clear your head no get into
his mindset no electrochemistry stop it
did you hear or see the shter in the
cross of this
no nothing I was trapped I was stuck in
my room
downstairs I got some clothes on and
crawled back up drew the blinds blood
was coming from his mouth not a lot just
a little he was still on the floor
slouched I couldn't be there there with
him anymore so I ran down and out of my
room into the hallway down the stairs I
knew there would be people there I'll
sample Eric the bike man just for you
run woman run past them and out into the
streets where it's dark and people move
to the lores at the intersection as far
as you
can I already ran I ran from an entire
isula there is
I can't run any further not with these
people this is as far as it
gets Sylvie was tending the bar a lot of
people were there the hardies were at
the table in front of the stage I think
the union box was full Ruby was there
too they were having such a good
time I sat down and they all welcomed me
I didn't even have to say anything Ruby
knew something was wrong
Ruby Ruby you know the leader the leader
of what The Hardy
Boys well nominally yes Ruby is the one
they go to when things happen like
things they need taken care of she's the
organizer uh-huh would you say she is
the eighth Hardy
Bo why not well Ruby said let's talk
upstairs I showed her the room I've
known these people since December they
know my situation that I can't leave a
paper traill I thought she was here
since nov the first one I told since
November she said she'd take care of
this it's what she does you know take
care of things I helped her get the body
to the bathroom we used a belt to pull
him up under the shower to keep him
upright to mislead you they were
tampering with the body to produce
lividity matching a hanging yes
we completely missed the tempering looks
like you got there in time what was this
20 minutes after death about 20 yes Ruby
explained it would make the
blood you know what he
does Ruby went outside to talk to Titus
and the boys I was just looking at ly in
the bathroom I had to put his clothes
back on his armor too it was tough but
I've seen him take it off and put it on
many times it took Ruby maybe half an
hour to come back with Titus I'd gotten
him ready by then he carried him out I
knew what they were going to do make it
look like a hanging Ruby said they
would Ruby said to wait here she also
said I wouldn't see her for a while that
we should lay low or something so I did
I don't know I haven't seen her since we
will need to take this question to the
hearty voice interesting why did this
Ruby go through so much trouble to hide
something someone else did look into
this
later when he was
shot I may have I don't know I couldn't
hear anything over the glass exploding
The Gunshot wasn't that loud this is
something to keep in mind when assessing
the distance of the
shot because I'm an idiot
which is an indicator of Truth idiot
she's nothing of the
sort you have to understand the people
around here no one was making the call
and he kept
rotting and then they picked his clothes
off and that little [__] threw stones at
him her jaw is
clenched her throat moves it takes all
her strength not to cave in and so once
just one time he kept throwing stones at
him for 3
days I could hear the thud thud so I
called
you I hope with all my heart it's not
the last thing I do in ravashol she
definitely called the cops that was task
complete it could not have been a lie
that is impossible oh God that was a lie
too who made the call then she did of
course what's
happening what why would I put myself
through this Insanity get myself
cornered like this he wouldn't have died
if it weren't for me I know that but I
would never hurt him
all kinds of crazy things happen when
drugs are involved sweet sweet drugs he
was a serviceman he must have had a gun
lying around close to her hand a
military weapon using jacketed
ammunition now that is
true no I specifically asked him not to
carry firearms when he was with me he
only had had his stupid
armor I don't know his friends of rifles
maybe those pyos did it Coalition
military have rifles I'm not a Munitions
expert and I did not shoot him she might
have been attacked disingenuous when she
avoided talking about the bullet in his
head
before Oh TR okay wait
I've said I'm sorry what more do you
want me to say I did my best not to lie
it didn't always work I didn't think
about
that what does that
mean do drugs make your aggressive no
people don't take drugs to kill each
other they take them to feel okay with
each other I thought you rishal people
would be more enlightened on this I'm
sorry officer I'm some stress here I did
not kill him to defend myself from rape
I told you before that wasn't what
happened true s is
true drama shut
up I'm sad to hear that they must have
said it in some fit of frustration or
under pressure they couldn't have meant
it I've talked to them after it happened
no one has implicated me like
what she's getting
mad that's the first thing that went
through my head when I heard the glass
break I thought they'd found me they've
killed him to punish me all last week
I've tried not to talk to anyone or be
seen with
anyone so they wouldn't be hurt I've
come to understand however this is
paranoia what happened didn't have
anything to do with me
we can't go after loose capap not yet
there are other Sor leads I don't ask
you to
Lieutenant there's one thing I know is
that you'll get nothing from
there last week Angus and titus's
brother I think he's called tibs took
care of
it you should have another look at that
window after this reconstruct the scene
it's right there yes you see the glass
sparkling out of the corner of your
eye I did I also had a side job selling
insurance that I was really good at got
picked up by a bank competitive
intelligence they called it after that I
sort of uh transitioned out of the whole
culture scene oh you transitioned did
you she nods silently she doesn't even
smoke
just picks up the cold coffee and holds
it in her hands um he's thinking are we
done here or should we arrest her she's
a Flight Risk and she lied to you she
should be taken into custody no that
won't be necessary just leave her alone
she's been through enough she doesn't
need this police brutality this guy
won't budge you have to wake multiface
up forcefully if you want to continue
pushing in
her who what dear God you've been lied
to she could have killed her lover and
lied to everyone she's not candid at all
she's smoke and mirrors and willow
whisps also multi
face she probably didn't give you her
real name either why would she arrest
her immediately before she further
entangles you in her Web of Lies take it
easy start at the top choose at the
bottom it's how we've always done it no
rush
see I
did what is this I called your a desk or
whatever it is the numbers are all over
town call 800
two for emergencies there was an older
woman on the other end it sounded like
she was smoking she took my complaint
she coughed that is the emergency's desk
number anyone could know that s by
looking around and calling the desk I
don't believe a single word she said
that drama's being completely
reactionary what time did you make the
call Thursday night it was late sometime
after 12 it checks
out she she stands before you holding
her back very
straight I agree you wouldn't give us
your real name not when people are after
you
okay okay it's
not we lug your work every week it's all
transmitted to Comm sir I couldn't just
beg you not to enter my name so I lied
like I lied before like I did at
lcsb I have to lie all the
time I'm so tired of
it no it's submerging a plastic boy on
the coast in the reads it just doesn't
say CLA
AMU it says ANUK mayor SM falsified
documents passport and Visa given to me
by my employer I can't even use them my
employer probably leaked the name Maya
SMI to hurt me why would they do that I
didn't show up to a rendevu they don't
take that lightly I didn't show up
because I was afraid they do something
to me the job was finished I'm just a
liability now she fears an arrest right
here and now this has been an awful turn
of events for her west of the boardwalk
in the read on the coast there I put it
there when I first arrived haven't been
there since
I'm not sure I could even find it now
it's
useless the lieutenant makes a note of
it you're welcome to it it's in the
Reeds Northwest of here past to berken
sewage pipe right near the waterline
it's it's a Gro name JY or yugar GR in
origin not ocidental at all smells of
motor oil tiger economic desolation and
rock music infused alcoholism it also
makes glasier almost an alacron for Cina
alazia what is an an an Al
acronym just like a
combination yeah it does yeah
my parents were JYSK immigrants but I'm
nationalized uran all I remember is or
elasia is my father's name it was a
Sentimental thing I wanted it to be more
me here this time so I used my nickname
a nickname who gave you this nickname
clusia a teenage boy a million years ago
she nods her round eyes meet yours they
seem moist from the wind on the roof I
am they can never take my sash and my
scepter from me yes they can for lying
drama she nods her back straight ready
for whatever is next there may be ground
here at least for an extended detention
a little whimper the young woman hears
you she's looking around she slowly
slows lights another cigarette and
steadies her breath as if in the
presence of some tiger you are this is
not the end of
this lies
I yes we demand she be punished for she
slowly slowly okay wait stop that man
bloated beyond all recognition was 42
below the damage the weeks of
decomposition all the swollen indignity
of
mortality he was 42 years old how old
are you that's where this is going
455,000 L of raw alcohol has left its
disfigurements What Lies Beneath you
wonder you could ask either one of
them huhuh how how old do I think you
are she's buying time to formulate the
best I don't know
40 I was like nine when o peaked that
was what 19 years ago I liked them when
I was nine you couldn't have liked it
when you were 40 let's say you were 20
something 25 a good disco age 25 + 19 is
44 I'm going to say you're 44 wow
look at the end of the day age is just a
number you know yes Miss but for him
that number is 56 wait this requires
scientific
measurements Bring it on I am not afraid
of the truth to the
laboratorium okay
there is so
much happening right
now oh [__] it's time 22
disco
ball holy [__] so much time has passed
in the lore of the
game Kuno give it up
BR Robert it's time to give it up
what that horn
Kim it's
okay John D Marie you found
me his slender figure is backlit by City
Lights its distant streets and motorways
flashing like diamonds it feels like a
Friday he seems to be in a good mood
tonight and his shirt is still
unbuttoned it was mine my friend use it
from time to time to visit me so tell me
are you here to make things right
again
beautiful I have some good news for you
my Sunday friend is visiting me tonight
I told him about you and he'd like to
say hello step in you already waiting
mhm that's why I chose this place
martines is special isn't it wait
suddenly you are digging
things Kim what does that
mean that's nice but I don't have
anything to tell you it's my friend
you're looking for not me takes another
drag of his unfiltered cigarette and
looks around it's getting dark and the
neighboring Windows have lit up one by
one downstairs a cat crosses the yard
disappearing into the bush besides I've
got to run something tells you you're
never going to talk to an individual
this cool or mysterious ever
again go if you must I don't care I
don't care about people leaving me all
the time to the city it's a beautiful
night a man on high heels stumbles out
of a basement club music blasting over
the entire District it's chilly and as
the chemicals hit his nervous system a
thousand Shivers rippled through his
body something flutters in the corner of
the Lieutenant's mouth as you're saying
those words we'll talk just not tonight
take care of all right
and he's gone again looks like it's
becoming a theme for
him who knows
detective it's a
mystery different of course why is Kim
acting so aloof right now is it because
he's jealous
Kim kind of kicked up um
no he's a twink but good
try he's not he's not he's a stick stop
it his
shirt his shirt he's trying to dive deep
deep into the mysteries of his shirt his
shirt no I don't know why his shirt is
always unbuttoned he's barely holding it
together it's all he can do to keep from
bursting out in laughter come on
detective let's go we've got a potential
witness to interview his Sunday friend
remember what what is what is he finding
so funny I don't I don't I'm missing
some subtext here am I
what's happening
none of this is
weird
sure guys what the [__] is happening
officers of the Ral citizens
militia his hands are clean and well
manicured this is a man who knows the
importance of appearances I like the
description but yet for my my viewing
that is just a greasy work shirt my name
is Char V and I am an official with the
coalition
government I work for the Institute of
price stability and assignment from Sur
I heard you talking to my friend outside
very good super I am here to assist you
in any way possible ask me about the
hanging hanging what's a drag he seems
like a cultured gentleman you should ask
him about the Finer
Things oh we got it from an atellier in
the East Delta Commerce Center
personally I think it's a little
culturally insensitive but the material
is great sadly the shop is now out of
business that's really all I can tell
you about
it the lieutenant takes out his notebook
and kns to you to
proceed I'm sorry to say I did Officer
he didn't see the hanging he saw the
little show staged by the hardies let
him talk he may know more than even he
knows profic sir it's very difficult to
describe what I saw that night it was so
surreal to me like in a play he holds
out his hands and Blossoms his fingers
like a Drama teacher set in the
scene what do you mean like in a play it
was just so strange I could barely
comprehend what was happening I was on
the balcony when it happened getting
some fresh air I remember that first
they came in carrying what looked like a
body
and then I saw all the surrounding
Windows go dead one by one that's when I
understood I should not be seeing this
that Lins up with previous testimony
doesn't it Well Done detective only that
there were about eight or 10 I couldn't
make out anything it was so dark and it
was
quiet quietest lynching I've ever heard
of let alone her but I suspect you knew
that already I can't say I'm surprised
the reputation of the men and women
serving in the RCM is welld
deserved the Coalition is only looking
out for the price stability inflation is
a killer like a heart disease blocking
the normal circulation of the economy it
must be controlled the economy impacts
the entire International Community which
is why it requires International
oversight ah well I'm renovating it it
is an interesting project the building
used to be a 12 story skyscraper before
the Cannons took the top four stories
off this of course happen when the
Coalition forces landed here you could
say I'm undoing some of the material
damage the International Community
caused when we arrived
here yes as I said before I am a
commissioner from surle working for the
Institute of price
stability this is one of the main
projects of the moral in wait there is
isn't actually an Institute of price
stability is there or maybe there is God
it's impossible to understand whether
someone from the moral intern is joking
or
notun International is what rans
colloquially call the Coalition in other
words the Nations that stopped the
disaster of the
Revolution it is the most important
thing
it's the central goal of any sound
monetary policy maintaining Z price
stability is essential to maintaining
high levels of economic activity which
is essential for maintaining the social
stability basically it makes sure the
price of bread doesn't
change too much inflation bread becomes
too expensive too much deflation it
becomes too cheap for Bakers to produce
that's why the Institute of price
stability Works to keep inflation just
below 2%
but not too far below no too below is
also bad below but close to 2% the
Coalition believes in the importance of
informing the public about the benefits
of the price
stability transparency is one of our
principles would you like an
informational
pamphlet a sound monetary policy is
essential for addressing uncertainty
stability is the res of the moral it's
the reason why I identify as a moralist
but oh I don't have my leaflets on me
today that's too bad you can always call
our information L making information
available is part of the moral intern's
commitment to transparency it's the
International Organization for moralists
hence moralist
International The Institute of price
stability is just one of its many mind
babies as is the coalition
so what I'm hearing is that we're moral
intern
[__] doing one's job doesn't
automatically make one anyone's [__]
besides there are more nefarious powers
to work for in the moral inter but of
course but of
course because moralists believe in a
normal stable World governed by
democratic values
Martinez no Martinez is something else
rivol is generally difficult it's led by
an interim government which means it
hasn't yet achieved full democracy but
they are working towards it you're all
doing very well here relatively speaking
is this option D usually the most
reasonable
answer not boring my friends responsible
moralism is all about compromise and
achieving the achievable it's pragmatic
realistic and levelheaded an ideology
for doers are you a doer my friend it
looks to me like you are now enough of
this delightful political interview was
there anything else you wanted to ask
what's there to say tacle is a modern
urbanized country that measures very
high on the human development and
freedom index mostly though it's known
as the executive heart of epis moreover
it is a great sponsor of less emerged
countries Rashel is only one of its many
Darlings whose progress it supports and
cherishes Darlings that can't be an
official
designation because a great percentage
of River's culture HS from Sur its
language its people its cuisine even or
at least in the downtown laad Delta area
Jamrock and other parts of the
international Zone have been mercifully
spared of s Clay's love for meatballs
and mashed potatoes I see whatever you
wish officer
what if I told you there a
fugitive ah my friend my friend is a
good young man this family immigrated
here from kedra and life has not been
easy for him but he understands the
importance of Education he has taken his
future into his own hands and that's all
that matters kedra is a candidate member
of
apis but between you and me their
potential membership is a more
contentious issue that it's never going
to happen
they enter negotiations in 21 and it's
been pending ever
since epis is a very special program
developed by the moral intern to support
certain accidental Nations it began as a
unified system of weights and measures
which proved to be a wild success
nothing but kilograms and centimeters as
far as the eye can see good yes sweet
standardization the backbone of
rationality and commerce it really
wasn't all that it was such a wild
success that we expanded it into an
economic Union for the processing of
Steel another success and between you
and me the moral intern Feels emboldened
by this success emboldened to take epis
to the next level why it stands for
progress and stability like the moral
intern as a whole it's been such a wild
extraordinary success thus far we are
very excited to take it to the next
level a super AAL political Alliance the
United States of
ocient wait
what you mean r no it's going to have
transparent
democracy it's one day going to be a
candidate member of epis sure except
that candidate members never become full
members do they no no candidate members
do become members
why do we even have the whole system in
place if they don't it just takes time
time and evaluation but we were talking
about my friend here not
politics how did any of us become
friends bad things happening on the
insul indan insula oil platforms Ablaze
in the night Civil Wars lasting for
years finally the International
Community is forced to step I have no
idea what he's saying uh yeah I mean
this is just time with politicians are
like they'll like do [__] and in order
to make it difficult for you to
understand what they're doing they say
nothing one of the wonders of democracy
is that everyone is allowed to have his
own opinion and not just allowed
encouraged even have you ever tried
debate there's a joke here and you know
what it is
oh how wonderful I've heard its Oodles
of
fun not that I have time to take up new
hobbies myself the lieutenant lets out a
strong nasal
s
Kim Kim you're supposed to love me and
support me no matter
what sorry
who but I told you officer he's a bright
young man here to pursue his
education education is the foundation of
our future especially the Arts it is a
Cornerstone of our civilization officer
you have to understand I can't give you
his personal
information I'm sure you have your own
methods and databases right please don't
put me in this situation he's deeply in
mesed in the study of the Fine Arts yes
as though you weren't envious enough of
the boy as is he's a truly free spirit
he likes all the Arts perhaps graphic
design print making who knows the world
is open wide for a talented youth like
him I'm just an enjoying the
view listen the baby is crying in the
neighboring apartment no listen the
insul Indian
Bay my friend comes and goes I'm sure
you'll see him around he's a busy bee a
busy bee what an odd choice of words I'm
just enjoying we're old friends
nothing's taboo between us comes and
goes I'm sure you'll see him around I'm
all ears
officer a moment officer do you have
everything you need from me I'm afraid
we won't have the chance to speak again
once you
leave it's against diplomatic best
practices for an official in my position
to be discussing murders with local
militia
men and I'm pressed for
time after you leave I should be leading
as well that's not the real reason he's
so apprehensive men in his position
shouldn't be seen loitering around in
underprivileged young men's apartment in
the middle of the
night of course I'm glad I could
help okay what time do I have to go to
bed in this game again
what's all this then
it's 23 right
now what about the Communist meeting
did that did we miss out on
that where is it at again I didn't I
can't see a quest for
it oh
wait capite
Apartments where is capeside apartment
somewhere in this building oh it's
probably over here isn't it
no my blue meter was going off bring it
back
okay a plaster cost bust honestly it's
where Cindy was okay
hello officers have you come to admire
my
M wait
what as you approach the metal Grill you
can hear several voices having what
appears to be an animated discussion
this must be it Beyond this door lies
the beaten heart of radical communism in
martines somehow the night air softens
the smell of trash and see Brian as the
breeze pulls through the canvas like a
shuttle through a loom you catch a hint
of something unexpected something earthy
warm and burnt the ACD smell of failure
no that's just slightly burnt coffee a
smell you would recognize anywhere just
look at these pigs sniffing about after
hours must have slipp my mind you know
how it goes the metal Grill is cool to
the
touch you notice the lieutenant is
looking uncustomary anxious his posture
is rigid his right hand hovers near the
zipper of his jacket oh I'm fine I was
practically born to infiltrate underr
communist cells which is just to say we
should be prepared for any
eventuality you can make out at least
two separate voices two voices both male
approximately early 20s care with now I
have it it's going to work I can feel it
the clang of metal reverberates all
along the scaff folding The Voice is
coming from the other side fall silent
who's there is that you
Marice who said communist did we say
communist get out of here for a moment
silence what's the pass
phrase there's no response you begin to
wonder whether they've slipped out some
back way all right the key St to the
back of the door frame just make sure
you put it back when you're done or will
all be locked out and do what you
concrete it just kind of Falls away in
places Shaman after you have fun at your
underground meeting Pig hope it's the
black the two young men are either
oblivious to or ignoring your entrance
their attentions are fixed on whatever
is is they're stacking in the middle of
the floor on whatever it is matchboxes
it appears I think it's holding Alexis
it is it's holding it's definitely not
holding those matchboxes are stacked so
haphazardly it's like they want them to
collapse careful careful
it was so
pathetic it was the most pathetic thing
I've seen in this game and I've seen so
many pathetic things transpire within
the game of disco
elium damn hardly any
difference you two you are
light backseat
producer we're backseat producing their
[__] Matchbox stack they should know
the meeting starts at 10 p.m. sh
there's a great deal of tension in this
young man's shoulders more than someone
his age should bear meanwhile His
companion inclines toward him eager to
catch every word that dribbles from his
friend's mouth just a moment could this
be the former owner of a certain jacket
you acquired recently don't let them see
you flustered sire play along
hey steon isn't that your jacket what a
coincidence you two have the same jacket
what are the odds based on the
prevalence of white saram moritan suits
in mares extremely low he certainly
looks like my jacket elixis where did
you get that
jandar
confiscated n is probably going to SA
say it was civil asset for feature
seei it's just like ma of R How does it
go again those committed to the rights
of property are those most apt to
violate
them just a minute stean ulix why do
those names ring the faintest of bells
probably because they're the real names
of nzb and exellis the authors of that
so-called essay about tiptop Tor you
read you should get to the bottom of
this when you have the chance I assumed
it was Maurice who broke into my room to
play a trick on me I didn't think I'd
actually been raided by the RCM there is
surprise in his voice naturally but is
that a note of excitement you also
detect oh gendarm because this is
perfect can you imagine the look on
Morris's face when he finds out the RCM
has been kicking my door down he [__]
himself positively and now they shown up
in forced to break up our
meeting something tells me these young
man are not very experienced with law
enforcement the RCM wants to join us my
partner of course is acting in a
strictly personal capacity not as an
official representative of the RCM
interesting does that mean you've done
the reading uh-oh no one said anything
about reading you'll just have to Wing
this
one Kim did you do the
reading you have excellent let's hear
your critique then too many
words it doesn't sound like Dave done
the reading staban well this is getting
awkward I'm not sure what you're
expecting to find here then this
profound consternation in his voice you
suspect it's about something bigger than
your not having done the reading maybe
they can explain
themselves in the most generous sense I
would say cultivating revolutionary
Consciousness yes that's probably the
best way to describe it but more
specifically we are running a reading
group the most rigorous and
theoretically Advanced materially
reading group in Martinez comrad stean
is a great discussion leader one of the
best at the University it's obvious they
take this group of theirs extremely
seriously whatever you do don't compare
it to a common book
club that's our whole thing world is so
shallow all noise and repetition we're
interested in genuinely radical critique
precisely we are not interested in
senseless parting we like to read
critically within the Contours of
mazovian historical materialism of
course huh that's so you can call that
problem teaching one thing you learn
quickly at University is that you're not
going to find a real education in any
lecture hall or discussion seminar we
are post attendant basically exactly the
only worth part of the so-called Beall
normal reverol is the library that's
where we've made our greatest critical
strides we study all the foundational
texts of mazovian theory of course just
last week we finished the second volume
of puncher and whatman's innocence of
capital truly extraordinary and before
that we spent 6 weeks on State and plasm
for some reason the word plasm catches
in your air like a piece of old wax it
really does uhoh you can feel your your
attention span rapidly
deteriorated it's like it's like wow
that word was very funny I'm like yeah
it really was funny and VII's like
you're getting distracted you [__]
[__] like
yep legendary failure we've also read
vero's the mega structure of History and
before that real and reality communist
theorists love puns in case that wasn't
obvious our BLS in pain FAL the original
fizdale translation not that worded down
revision is garbage these two deserve
the order of Honor for
bullshitting there's no way they've
actually read all this stuff
obviously but of course our special
emphasis is on the theories of ignis
nson and and his followers especially
the infra
materialists you're not familiar with
him it's pretty advanced stuff you may
not be ready for it yet
joh only K Mao's most trusted Lieutenant
the Evangelist of the Revolution and the
Founding Father of the People's Republic
of Samara it's hard to overstate how
unimpressed he is that you've never
heard of this world historical
individual
nice legendary failure encyclopedia he
also happens to be the greatest
communist theorist after ma of himself
it was Nelson who first postulated the
existence of ideological plasa which
forms the basis of infr materialist
Theory those words again you've got to
find out what this infr materialist
stuff is all about whatever it is one
thing perfectly clear these young
students have a much deeper
understanding of Communism than you you
do you could learn a thing or two from
them if you can convince them you're one
of them the young man's size His
companion looks about
furtively the young man frowns at the
little pile of boxes on the floor
nothing just messing around until the
meeting started they're watching those
matchboxes awfully intently for two guys
who are just messing around it's almost
as though they were trying to create the
most unstable structure they could with
predictable
results we typically only accept new
members once per semester there's this
whole process with essays and
presentations on assigned topics but
given that we have some extra seating at
the moment I guess we could be convinced
to expedite an application or two Stan
you can't be serious for these jams I am
serious as materialists we've got to
adapt to conditions as they are besides
he still to pass the interv portion of
the enence process Assuming he's even
still interested that
is I don't think so unless you've been
hanging around a cultur studies faculty
at the EOL normal de rol perhaps he
subscribes to La for me that's
sarcasm he does not expect you to
subscribe to radical communist
periodicals you've read our
article that I did not
expect the energy in the room has
shifted ever so slightly in your favor
they're afraid they've somehow
embarrassed themselves in front of you
well don't keep us on tenter hooks what
did you think of the essay the delicate
egos on these boys even though you're
just some cop they're desperate for you
your approval hey you're not just some
cop you've got highly developed critical
faculties now's your chance to show them
off yep with my one option well of
course that's just an initial foray to
the subject we're hoping to return to it
for a more substantial treatment next
term in any case I'm glad our piece
found its audience that's always the
hope with these things you know what do
you mean this is the reading
group Kim and
I we're in something of a rebuilding
phase some of our former comrades didn't
have the ideological fortitude our work
demands intellectual attrition is maybe
the best way to describe It Felix said
he couldn't keep up with a reading on
top of his classwork and suzan wanted to
read texts other than mazovian Theory
like novels if you can believe
it shocking Imagine The Audacity Of
wanting to read a novel in a reading
group we tried recruiting new members
but unfortunately the current
intellectual climate is pretty hostile
to infr materialist thought these days
if you're on the left the ascendant
schools are the godan and their Econo
clars
don't forget about Maurice and the
turnips don't forget about Maurice and
the
turnips right then there is the whole
turnip
debacle Cindy is how to describe her
role something of an ideological
auxiliary perhaps yes that's exactly how
I would put it and naturally we support
her radical counter liberal Aesthetics
but she refuses to submit an essay so we
can't call her a member of the group per
se that doesn't stop her from using the
room for Studio space of course for
starters they love talking about
beads that's right eona clouds are
obsessed with beads they love thinking
about beans they love counting beans but
most of all they love building models to
predict how many beans there will be in
the future what does this mean Nota Ben
Eon cloud is an extra perjorative form
of the already ready pejorative name
mazovian economists a moderate School of
mazovian ism which Advocates the gradual
transition to Communism through
carefully managed economic modernization
rather than violent social Revolution
they're by far the most Bean Centric
School of
Communism they're by far the most Bean
Centric School of
Communism yeah I know there's a few of
few competing ones ah yes the much
maligned Bean counters ensconsed in
their think tanks and highrises
believing they can save the world
through a series of incremental
assiduously technocratic
reforms if only they've got all the
beans accounted for in their asset
sheets their quarterly budgets their
future projections but for some reason
there are Never Enough beans to go
around so we've just got to cut our Bean
rations in half and next thing you know
there are budget cuts so now we've got
to cut the bean rations in half again
you see Eon clars claim to be Communists
but in reality they're just liberals
with hardons for
spreadsheets they're the most depressing
School of Communism they love writing
long books with a patiner of mazovian
theory to cover up their cheap
psychologizing a gang of cheap
psychologists and intellectual midgets
typic godwal Us in other words it's okay
for ulie to say that because his dad is
from
godwal the godwal school believe that
intellectuals as a class are incapable
of sparking revolutionary change so all
they can do is critique capitalism from
inside itself in other words they have
lost faith in their own relevance that's
why they spend all their time smoking
cigarettes and writing long Works
criticism that make you want to commit
suicide ston said this time I'm really
going to do it it is miserable that's
probably why they're always committing
suicide you see the godwal school look
like Communists they talk like
Communists but scratch the patina and
you'll see beneath that they're just
depressed liberals whove read too many
books oh
man that's a sentence
what about Liberals are they liberals
too of course not the only people who
actually call themselves Liberals are
mouth forming reactionaries basically
indistinguishable from fascists You'
need an x-ray machine to tell the
difference it's an unfortunate story you
see our EXC comrade Maurice is something
of an economist he's studying mecro and
microeconomics wow they're real
intellectual it sounds like right so a
few weeks ago we were discussing the
extra physical capabilities of the
Revolutionary State and moris said what
were his exact words youx is it was
unbelievable he said turnips don't care
if they are grown by Communists
moralists or arican they were just the
same basically he was rejecting the
whole Foundation of infr materialist
Theory what is this infr materialist
business they keep blathering about
you've never heard of anything like it
simply that under suitably revolutionary
conditions crop yields naturally
increase relative to non-revolutionary
crops which Morris somehow has the gold
to deny okay what zzan said that he has
been hanging out with some non
Communists lately for us the question
boil down to if you don't even accept
the basic ideas of nson an infr
materialist Theory why are you in the
rating
group exactly what educated person could
believe that turnips grow at the same
rate under capitalism and communism it's
a sad reflection on our educational
institutions well it wasn't so much that
he was expelled he just quit coming we
haven't seen him around for weeks go
ahead clinching no we're not an
operational cell we think of ourselves
as more of an intellectual Vanguard
no we're an independent
organization we acknowledge and respect
the Union's efforts but our interests
are more theoretical than Mr Claire's he
speaks the
truth no unfortunately the communards
were hunted down and killed nearly to a
man all that's left of them are bones
and old
rifles his companion's eyes bden as you
hold up the ancient weapon yes like that
one I wonder how many of these are still
lying around in sellers or sealed up
behind the
masonry can I hold
it of course what would I even do with
it he doesn't mean to show it but the
disappointment is plainly written across
his
face sure we're here most every night
maybe we'll catch you again oh they're
here every night are they
M
Coffee I would commit war crimes for
some
real try not to think about the cracks
spidering out across the floor
okay hello we G offic this have you come
to admire my
no I have
not I think it's bedtime for
harrying sleepy idiot needs a sleeper
sleep I think we have to go talk to
ancient Reptilian Brain
now
goodbye wait are they still is the
bookstore still open
it's like you are having the child
working until 1 in the morning at your
stupid bookstore where no one
goes this guy will never leave right
this guy will never leave and all they
have to say
is it's all about money you know
hey was there something you needed well
well bringing in that new bird sure made
a difference in his attitude got the 20
rale good you got the room for the night
but remember you'll need another 20
roale tomorrow
good night
twink
bye get in
there but
wait but wait a minute
this window is pristine on the inside
unlike the one next to it light from the
desk lamp reflects off the glass in an
untarnished golden
Halo Golden Light melts away Into the
Blue glassy darkness of your mind in it
are two neon lit shapes a man and a
woman on the single bed two-hearted
spider like the witness said the man is
kneeling the woman is on her back it's
the night of March 4th and a shot has
just been
fired the man looks directly at the
woman the shot's possible directions
converge in his mouth a ray cast from
somewhere outside entering his brain
from the roof outside location a prime
the glass fractures Around The Bullet
Hole shards face inwards like a Corona
behind the woman's back
the man does not know the bullet has
entered his brain he never will death
comes faster than the
realization the ray cast from the man's
mouth unravels into a fan of possible
directions all on the roof at first the
shots could have come from any of them
this is composite location a prime most
likely of the origin points
there could have been then the rain and
slush and wind washed it away this was
more than a week ago 72% with an antique
weapon that fires military grade
ammunition a b mrave rifle for example
this is a good short distance but not
too short the perpetrator aimed with
their back against the railing or
possibly kneeling for precision this
would explain why it only took them one
shot the lights were on in here outside
it was dark it was like shooting fish in
an aquarium a well-lit aquarium the
victim opened his mouth to let the
bullet in neither of them would have
seen anything outside in the darkness
too busy with their own
bodies point x would contradict the
woman's testimony rendering the entire
proposition void these figures would
white out
detective none that you've found thus
far but that doesn't mean there aren't
any that's a 28% yes in this model the
shop could have come from a greater
distance nothing excludes the
possibility should we extrapolate to
include every possible point of origin
in
martines according to your map of the
district this shot could have come from
a wide angle of locations starting with
the northern edge of the abandoned
Boardwalk ending with an islet in the
bay let's call them B Prime B Prime for
Boardwalk b double Prime for Land's End
and B triple prime for the islet
detective there may be smaller points in
between but those are too fine to zoom
in 700 M away the likeliest of these B
positions 20% chance a skilled sniper
could have made the shot provided he had
a safe sniper Nest even with the light
on inside we're talking military
training at that distance the
perpetrator would have had to take wind
direction into account 1.2 kilm away the
least likely of these positions let's
say 3% a truly skilled sniper could have
done it possibly from a
tent 1 km away a point beyond the do on
an islet in the bay the fort is ruined
but the perpetrator may have found a
stable spot on the beaches surrounding
it where the concrete crumbles into the
sea as you saw in the coin operated VI
the shot would have been a small miracle
5% likelihood there is an extremely
narrow field of view from the bay to the
window between rud gizen 10 and
33a the angle would have been extreme
and access to the islets is question
questionable it is possible that it came
from B Prime the boardwalk b double
Prime Lands End or bple prime the islet
you can't know for sure until you
investigate those locations the
lieutenant would probably agree that in
this situation it's best to be
thorough two neon lit shapes a man
and okay
go Harry
go the fan stands
still I have so many skill points I
don't know what to do with them
though just don't know what the the best
thing to do is except for wait for white
white checks and red
checks and maybe these or
something date of birth generator
the bed is still
cold the room behind your closed eyelids
is familiar now the only home you've
ever known its Darkness gathers the last
thing you hear is the wind blowing in
through the broken window then something
comes a kind of
sleep like a deathly cast's fishing net
sleep pulls you out of the world and
into its dark Shore the rough mesh
cha tightening around you it digs into
your
brain how have things been going for you
out
there helped anyone
lately saved anyone
lately murdered anyone LLY this bastard
isn't even listening to you because you
know you are a
murderer a disco music listening psycho
killer who offs poor people and then
forget your PTY hear that he doesn't
even Flinch Iceman doesn't care about
killing people that's nothing to him
blackw under the
Rich the thing he's really scared of is
much much worse than
that don't tell him sister it's too
bad we're trying to help you all these
processes these
tortures voices and tremors are all just
just
distractions flares and counter measures
to keep you from the last
dream the worst of them all the last
dream will be total
Annihilation Cinders peeling off the
fuselage we won't be there to help you
anymore Harry we will be dormant you
will be naked and alone
oh but you will you're already going
there
sleeping how long can we keep you from
the
precipice one more
dream two Max
baby then it's of
Hell an ancient sadness
brother 10,000 years is later in front
of the video
rental there is a warm breath on your
face
again everything is okay again
everything is so
okay your eyelids flutter open for a
moment when you close them again you
sense the light of the room around you
you're back in two seconds
the alarm will ring the last thought in
your head before waking is maybe you
shouldn't have seen that stained glass
window in the church what maybe I don't
know wake up Harry
boy get that flashlight out let's
go oh wait
I haven't had it equipped for a little
bit have I there we go there we go now
it's looking like
Harry twink twink twink twink
twink again
hi garm another
rendevu I am so are you what brings you
here admiring the
atmosphere what about you
officer well here's to you
oh yes let's see he knocked on my door a
few days after the lynching I think he
was going through the entire building
asking
questions oh let me think he had an
accent he sounded like one of those
mercenaries he sounded vaguely orines no
not vaguely scratch that he sounded
definitely orines yes but he was
speaking to someone on his earpiece yes
you know those tiny speaker microphones
that fancy security guard sometimes wear
just reporting back whatever I was
telling him muscular handsome strong
like one of those military types nothing
that I didn't see
anything why shouldn't he what
friend no I don't think it came up sure
anything else on your mind you
did and how did you like him
I didn't like him as much as I like
you a
shoot why
not he has keys and he likes the view to
the sea I
mean friends I told you Sunday friends
friends who like to get together from
time to time that he won't be there when
times get tough I guess it is on Sundays
a visitor from the first world he's not
like you and me
jeand he can always return to his
opportunities in oxident sir lay still
his coming and going brings some life to
the Village or is it just money I don't
know H what about me
jeand bye-bye
jeand hi again
garm could he be a member of the
homosexual
yes yes
yes
yeah yeah
[Music]
yeah did we make it yes this man is
definitely one of the homos I've seen
them homos with my own eyes I have seen
them homos in my own eyes oh yes
physical instrum wait physical
instrument this sexual thing seems
interesting I like ask around become
involved just pointing it out we're not
talking about some kind of cult with
members here you made it
up the homosexual
underground why yes I am officer why do
you want to investigate
[Music]
no oh it's a pleasure group a Sosa
pleasure group congregating in cellers
under the cover of night Saturday night
sometimes even Friday
night or Thursday night sometimes the
congregating doesn't even end it carries
on into her daily
life oh we're ambitious we want to
destroy the last vestages of meaning the
last things people in Rashel have to
hold on to the true symbols of security
the meaning of man and woman mother and
father their
marriage everything will be constantly
shifting and moving under our rule the
future will belong to a circus of
identities just spinning around surreal
and unreal you won't even know who you
are
anymore yes we listen to a lot of disco
some say we engineered disco to spread
our vision of a vertiginous everchanging
Society where all there is is a razzled
Dazzle of gold we are going to change
the family unit with all this rasat Taz
and finger dancing and with mysteries of
course the Mysteries are also of sexual
nature very
esoteric you can't just get into it you
have to be born into it one is either
already in the homosexual movement or
forever excluded from
it beautiful
beautiful that's exactly what we're
looking for who knows maybe you were
homosexual in the past maybe all of that
has been repressed I have to say that
you do look like someone who might be
part of the underground you have that
very distinctive I can't understand
what's going on here
look absolutely
wonderful a man like you can figure out
his sexuality in a working day it won't
be 20 hours unless you want to enter the
heightened Realms of the fantasm
erotique afterwards it may be 20 hours
or more but that would be on your own
time bye-bye
je we did it we did it we received the
Gay
Thoughts I didn't know what to do with
these skill
points but now I do
excellent It's you again it's you again
what what is
it why
you're cuckoo cop I'm the only man
responsible for this unit get with it or
[__] off yeah [__] off sounds like
you're making her a suspect in this not
on my watch you're not Ruby's one of us
we're not going to throw her under your
moral intern Steamroller [__] that [__]
and [__] you too
moral Ruby is missing if you hide from
the police in investigation you become a
suspect you know how it works guys
that's nothing that's just legal ease
you don't even have a sound Theory I
don't want to be rude but we're trying
to get some RNR here think you could
[__] off now I think we'll keep sticking
around Titus you'll be surprised that
how quickly a theory presents itself if
you keep looking
a sudden flash of lightning in your
neocortex the hostle cafeteria is lit by
its Airy Blaze floor plans bullet
trajectories webs of human emotion all
channeled into a single
thought
wait
wait okay guys because she was here all
night with us he's cing together [__] so
he can put her away it's Cup
101 she was here all night 11:30 to
12:15 she was here during all that time
yeah with us drinking near the stage
there no that's a
lie all right right she took a [__]
leak okay for one moment maybe went out
too she has an operation to run from her
lry we're not getting into what that
operation is again called and just cuz
she was gone for 5 minutes doesn't mean
she magically got to the roof and shot
him I've been through this it's not
plausible he's been through it that
means he suspected her too oh all right
we're in we got Ruby unaccounted for
sometime during the window this was
crucial now let's Place her on that
roof garbage it wasn't a sandbo artist
called I've been doing this for 10 years
let me give you a lesson boys it's never
a sble fighter and it's never a bullet
bending
sniper or ghost it's never a ghost
either don't worry we've got better than
that
oh people say there was a pinball arcade
here sometime before the hostle what was
it called the East Delta pinball
arcade weird place when bankrupt okay
but how'd you get up there's no room for
staircase in this building or an
elevator for that matter the elevator is
outside the building it's an old D
waiter used for moving pinball machines
up and down from the workshop Ruby could
have gone up shot him come down all
under 7 minutes that's quite the theory
we need to have a look at that secret
passage boys I'm on it boss right when
the law clears me and Angus are going up
there it's a dumb waiter not an
industrial lift
how about I go instead of just now you
got something else to back this route up
or is that it why not you can't draw a
straight line into Colossus window from
any of the surrounded buildings not from
what I know about Martin a Maybe from
the coast but like I said I've been too
busy dealing with you idiots so no I
don't think it was a sniper it was close
up
72% that is a percentage and all where'd
you get it from your guys in the lab
definitely lie the truth is not
credible wouldn't hurt to have one of
those in maret what else have you got it
puts her on the roof
Footprints recent he looks tough but
there is a nervous Twitch in his dark
green eye this is too close to home for
the tracks were recent but not worn down
in the right foot like rubies it's best
to Omit this pesky little pmic for now
too
confusing that close huh how fortunate
I'll take a thorough look at those
prints myself before I believe that c
good news is I'm still listen
it I've seen the winch I'm not blind you
saying it's part of the elevator she'
used to get up there that's while
mystery down there an architectural
mystery doesn't much concern Ruby does
it right what the [__] does that got to
do with
Ruby he makes a Gruff gesture for you to
continue I don't like guessing come no
one does it opens the steel door in the
kitchen the one that leads upstairs to
the roof this key was right here with
you all the
time qu jump into conclusions Ste you
took that key did it look like it was
recently put there no the ribbon was old
faded it had been there for 20 years at
least
and then put it
back why it's damn interesting you found
it there but it doesn't fit with Ruby
and you know it it doesn't fit well but
it fits and he knows
it firmly firmly doesn't go well with
could have there's a route to the roof
me and the boys need to check it out
that's what we establish but a route
does not put that bullet in his head a
gun does that and Ruby doesn't car W
phase two murder weapon get a gun in her
hand if not that then at least a shadow
of a doubt in the shape of a gun just
don't contradict yourself if it doesn't
sound like Ruby did it maybe keep it to
yourself but what if you miss this
interesting information that way the
choice is ultimately yours
but so so it had to come from a breach
loading rifle military grade not even
you militia monkeys have those this goes
against your short range theory if the
murder weapon was military grade how did
Ruby get
it C that's exactly what it means that
wasn't
strong well I don't understand why
we're that looks antique a b mgra it's
inoperable where'd you get it 20 maybe
30 rifle status also broken but still
there were too many and there must be
other caches to God damn it we need to
close that dump down for good that's a
goddamn breach loader too find one The
Works you got a military grade weapon
that shoots jacketed ammunition he sees
it this is coming together he must time
to really close the deal show them the
bullets the blonde man looks at the
mushroomed deathbringer in the evidence
bag and says yeah the [__] is Jack
jacket it all right 4 mm too wa well God
damn it's not proof but it's a possible
murder weapon close to her too damn
close you have been thorough I'll give
you there
God damn that's just about your favorite
topic isn't it every [__] five
seconds trouble this is revish all even
the roid heads in the gym had a carbine
no one has trouble getting the gun I
still never saw her carry one he must be
referenced in some P case of this he's
angry because he knows you're right what
he's saying only confirms your
theory all right keep talking I'm
getting a bit curious about some things
now T we're not seriously considering it
are we Ruby wouldn't do this why would
she do somethingone like this phase
three motive the last
component and I suppose you have a DE on
that think about it why go through all
that effort it was her idea wasn't it
the hanging you went along but she
suggested it she had like a fully formed
plan and [__] right when she came back
downstairs really Shanks clausa wanted
to talk to another girl that's all she
was just the first one up there I could
have come up with that plan if I'd have
been first time for a logic's
demonstration
you WR thin ass here [__] it's a
thought exercise Titus think you kill
him get up there shoot him get
down alone I don't drag my man into [__]
with me if she used us then that's a
serious violation of the Hardy code boss
but she didn't she would never do that
why AR more of you defending her this is
[__] stupid Titus Glen I thought the
same thing when she skipped town and
left us in this Shield oh so we didn't
rule her out completely and she skipped
down this is
good you had expressed on occasion your
dislike of the mercenaries presence in
Martinez right whack someone in my
district that doesn't carry much favor
with Titus Hardy she has to know
that there's no [__] leadership
challenge just when I thought you were
taking this seriously cop you put your
head in your ass man now he's just
throwing [__] against the wall to see
what's okay we ruled out in fighting
that's how this works by exclusion
remember all we need to do is Ru Ruby
out to that's all this is silence he
looks around the room the old man in the
corner kns a very small nod and a
trickle of tobacco spit on his lip yeah
I see it there's one more thing I've
been wondering about ever since you
asked me where she is added to your list
of suspicions if you won't I don't know
I don't know where she went she just got
up and left got real scared too wouldn't
tell me be where however hard I asked
want to know why she was afraid I would
tell you maybe she was right by now I
probably would she knew there's evidence
on her and she knew we'd find it this is
typical suspect Behavior why fleeing is
always incriminatory perhaps ask her if
you find her it won't be easy though she
made sure of
that all right Friday afternoon when
when you first arrived I got word the
RCM was in town then she came in to see
me told me she was leaving that's when
we had our little conversation I told
you you no you as in the cop with the
sideburns and the Disco
clothes I'm sorry God why does God why
does everything flee the sight of my
shadow
J normal you know when I first saw you
limping here I thought she was paranoid
all sniffing her own Supply but now I'm
not so sure she said you have a funny
taste in clothes and that you won't stop
until you have something on her she said
she's heard of you from Jamrock that
you're a human can open that you play
suspects against each other other open
them up like can oh I get it [__]
hell titos did he just open Angus up
like a can yes he did now we can whine
about it whacking or we can go on with
our lives I'm having to go on with our
lives kind of day Al how about you
silence he
kns you are insistent yeah there was
something else she wouldn't tell me
though I could see she wanted to it was
burning on her lips this CAU Titus this
caught me but she was tooo scared
ter she's not far we know that much she
didn't take her lry so she's on foot
good [__] luck man she knows this
place like the back of her hand you'll
never find her yeah L and we won't
either she's not really a Hardy
candidate anymore is she she's not Glenn
a little on the coast where have you
looked for her more precisely more
precisely on the coast past the water
log she's not here so I'm thinking she's
there who's doing this looking they're
all here Lizzy needed some air
you're a smart call but you're a stupid
person no one goes to tell airp anything
if he has to know he has to know fast
it's called a radio you believe the
Garder may have played you again when
she stormed out she has her own
plan sure there is some [__] houses
there a center block Town Fisher folk
there refused to unionize so that's one
place we haven't looked I hear they have
a shack where junkies sometimes
crash time for you to step up oh I've
been there we will start there one more
question what does Ruby look like boyish
here's red died she looks like a Lowry
man okay the what now I have no idea
boys
she said she's building a a pale emitter
what what we were talking about radio
equipment she said she's doing Ulan
frequencies and a hail something what I
don't know more this guy barely
understands what he's talking about
there you have it hail
something it'll have
to his grip is firm and reassuring like
holding a piece of unpolished
granite you know I don't usually do this
I just measure things
but now we're good why not you could
turn the thing into an actual police
force afraid you would actually have to
follow the law rich boy law is a shame
it don't only works for the wild Pines
lady so keep your lab and watch your ass
out there the coast is a dangerous place
for long man especially Mr Ken opener
here it's not a threat it's a
warning so we've got can opener we've
got Tiberius who else is in this game
okay well we've already been to the
coast so that's
good we talked to Koo about this I
[Music]
think [__] does Kuno care oh wait this
so yes so Kuno did sck the pigs on him
Kuno is a man of his weird Kuno sent
your fat ass running around like jello
look Pig Kudo sent you to rof some
people up Kuno played you that happened
now you and Kudo should move
on you got [__] you got [__] Pig
[__] bad of course you're going to
remember this now get the [__] out of
here griefing the Kuno after this [__]
you better have something real
interesting to say if you want to stay
in kun's face yeah real interesting Kuno
doesn't [__]
care kuner doesn't [__]
care punt them
[Music]
so
that we're investigating
like so many different angles here at
once oh yeah
inside you see a set of steering levers
a radio microphone a pullout toolbox
this ising 57 how may I assist you yes
it took some convincing but I got the
mercenary's name and a few biographical
details are you ready the lieutenant
leans in to listen notebook in hand that
suit of armor was was issued to an Oran
citizen named Elis C that's e l l i s k
o r d e n i e r exact date of birth
unknown he was signed into the L stad
County neonatal care unit on 28th of
February 09 he was found as a newborn in
a leaf compactor near an abandoned Farm
what he spent four months in the Neal
unit survived apparently and was
assigned to a f family at two found an a
leaf compactor this is what the IC knows
about him he was raised by fostter
parents entered the East bran Military
Academy in V for at 17 then served in
the oran forces till he was honorably
discharg in 41 just a year before the
sem conflict then the armor followed him
to semine or at least I assume it did
and that's it there are no records of
his employment in kenel or any of his
other incarnations or him even
in even that is a small miracle these
organizations usually double check their
inventory thank you Elise great work no
problem no officer sorry it's a garden
tool is to press leaves into these cubes
it's a detail the hospital had the only
Det detail in these files so I thought
it would be good for you to know it is
thank you Alise the name this is very
good Elis C I'm glad the inquiry was
help to your investigation officer did
you have any other questions right
please hold 104 come
in firewor over 10 for sir glad to hear
that I write down that there is no need
to issue you want to use it
feels good to get that off your chest
right celebration with
beer baby baby
compactor baby
compactor baby compactor
that just short circuited my brain hold
on
wait do I make this another slide that I
have hold on what would be appropriate
music for
it um
hash abortion um I mean I have the songs
hash alicorn Twilight and # Pony hype do
I make one called #
abortion you're kind of crazy
wait uh do I have hold on I have an
idea I'll get the
uh I'll get
this wait why this is the sea Gunner
version never mind
I knew the pitch was
wrong oh I'm downloading the sound hold
on
don't worry about
this let me show in here and then open
with this thing and
then and then do this and then do
that
okay okay
it's it's coming it's
real hold on I might go dead for a
moment e
nice now I can tap to that whenever I
feel like
[Music]
it good we have the abortion screen now
10 for sir sorry but I'm under orders to
give a negative to request for personal
information over 104 orders orders
anything else rer that 101 over and
out abortion piracy
screen
okay it's been a a wonderful stream I
have no no idea how far we are along
with this game at this
point but uh thanks for coming and uh
remember
to be the balloon
world okay